This file created: April-27 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
New Secret Service rules on alcohol, unsavory bars
WASHINGTON (AP)  Seeking to shake the disgrace of a prostitution scandal, the Secret Service late Friday tightened conduct rules for its agents to prohibit them from drinking excessively, visiting disreputable establishments while traveling or bringing foreigners to their hotel rooms.

For Obama, bin Laden killing becomes campaign tool
WASHINGTON (AP)  The killing of Osama bin Laden, first presented as a moment of national unity by President Barack Obama, has become something else: a political weapon.

Suicide bombing in Syrian capital kills 10
BEIRUT (AP)  Two weeks into a cease-fire agreement, there still was no peace in Syria: Security agents in Damascus collected the remains of 10 people killed in a suicide bombing. Activists reported troops firing on protesters. Video showed a crowd carrying a slain boy to U.N. observers as proof of regime violence.

New photo shows work at NKorea nuclear test site
WASHINGTON (AP)  New satellite imagery appears to show a train of mining carts and other preparations under way at North Korea's nuclear test site but no indication of when a detonation might take place.

Lawyers argue over sex tape at Edwards trial
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP)  Opposing lawyers in the John Edwards trial wrangled with a judge over whether to allow testimony about a sex tape of the former presidential candidate and allegations of an affair involving an ex-aide who ended a week on the witness stand Friday.

Holstein with mad cow disease was lame, lying down
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  The California dairy cow found to have mad cow disease was very old for a milk producer and had been euthanized after it became lame and started lying down, federal officials revealed in their latest update on the discovery.

Space shuttle arrives in NYC; crowds watch in awe
NEW YORK (AP)  In a city understandably wary of low-flying aircraft, New Yorkers and tourists alike watched with joy and excitement Friday as space shuttle Enterprise sailed over the skyline on its final flight before it becomes a museum piece.

Authorities: Bunker of Wash. fugitive surrounded
NORTH BEND, Wash. (AP)  Authorities on Friday surrounded an elaborate, underground bunker believed to be that of a gun-toting survivalist suspected of killing his wife and daughter nearly a week ago and then holing up in the woods of Washington state.

Bear wanders onto Colo. campus, moved to mountains
BOULDER, Colo. (AP)  A 200-pound black bear that wandered onto the University of Colorado campus and caused a stir before falling 15-feet from a tree has returned to the wild, officials said Friday.

Detroit's Delmon Young apologizes after arrest
NEW YORK (AP)  Detroit Tigers left fielder Delmon Young has apologized following his arrest on a hate crime harassment charge.

Holstein with mad cow disease was lame, lying down
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  The California dairy cow found to have mad cow disease was very old for a milk producer and had been euthanized after it became lame and started lying down, federal officials revealed in their latest update on the discovery.

New Secret Service rules on alcohol, unsavory bars
WASHINGTON (AP)  Seeking to shake the disgrace of a prostitution scandal, the Secret Service late Friday tightened conduct rules for its agents to prohibit them from drinking excessively, visiting disreputable establishments while traveling or bringing foreigners to their hotel rooms.

Authorities: Bunker of Wash. fugitive surrounded
NORTH BEND, Wash. (AP)  Authorities on Friday surrounded an elaborate, underground bunker believed to be that of a gun-toting survivalist suspected of killing his wife and daughter nearly a week ago and then holing up in the woods of Washington state.

House OKs student loan bill, ignores veto threat
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republicans defied a veto threat and the House voted Friday to prevent federal loan costs from doubling for millions of college students. The vote gave the GOP a momentary election-year triumph on a bill that has become enmeshed in partisan battles over the economy, women's issues and President Barack Obama's health care overhaul.

New photo shows work at NKorea nuclear test site
WASHINGTON (AP)  New satellite imagery appears to show a train of mining carts and other preparations under way at North Korea's nuclear test site but no indication of when a detonation might take place.

US officials: Core al-Qaida 'essentially gone'
WASHINGTON (AP)  A year after the Navy SEAL raid that killed Osama bin Laden, the al-Qaida that carried out the Sept. 11 attacks is essentially gone but its affiliates remain a threat to America, U.S. intelligence officials say.

Obama targets diploma mills that market to vets
FORT STEWART, Ga. (AP)  President Barack Obama reached out to a generation of young soldiers Friday as he added new protections for veterans and military families misled or bilked by career colleges and technical programs that target their federal education benefits. "They don't care about you," he declared, "they care about your cash."

Space shuttle arrives in NYC; crowds watch in awe
NEW YORK (AP)  In a city understandably wary of low-flying aircraft, New Yorkers and tourists alike watched with joy and excitement Friday as space shuttle Enterprise sailed over the skyline on its final flight before it becomes a museum piece.

Official: 2 deadly attacks by rogue Afghan troops
WASHINGTON (AP)  In shootings not previously reported by American authorities, two U.S. soldiers were wounded in an attack by two Afghan police officers, extending a worrying pattern of violent clashes between supposed allies.

Adult film producer convicted in obscenity trial
LOS ANGELES (AP)  An adult film producer was convicted Friday of violating federal obscenity laws by selling movies depicting bestiality and extreme fetishes.

Suicide bombing in Syrian capital kills 10
BEIRUT (AP)  Two weeks into a cease-fire agreement, there still was no peace in Syria: Security agents in Damascus collected the remains of 10 people killed in a suicide bombing. Activists reported troops firing on protesters. Video showed a crowd carrying a slain boy to U.N. observers as proof of regime violence.

Blind Chinese activist flees house arrest
BEIJING (AP)  A blind legal activist fled house arrest in his rural China village and made it to a secret location in Beijing on Friday, setting off a frantic police search for him and those who helped him, activists said.

Tymoshenko's health failing in Ukraine prison
KIEV, Ukraine (AP)  Yulia Tymoshenko, the braided darling of Ukraine's Orange Revolution who went on to be prime minister, is wasting away in prison  weakened from a hunger strike, bruised from prison beatings and afraid she will be force-fed by her political foes, her family said Friday.

Dutch ban takes aim at foreigners buying pot
AMSTERDAM (AP)  This country of canals and tulips is also famous for "coffee shops" where joints and cappuccinos share the menu. Now, the Netherlands' famed tolerance for drugs could be going up in smoke.

27 injured in 4 blasts in eastern Ukraine city
KIEV, Ukraine (AP)  Four explosions rocked an eastern Ukrainian city on Friday, injuring 27 people. Authorities say it was a terrorist attack but an opposition lawmaker claims it could be a government plot to divert attention from the imprisonment of opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko.

In Egypt president race, Muslim clerics seek voice
CAIRO (AP)  Egypt's presidential contenders have been going through a new campaign rite of passage. One by one over recent weeks, they appeared before a panel of bearded, ultraconservative Muslim clerics who meticulously question them, including on how they intend to implement Islamic law.

New photo shows work at NKorea nuclear test site
WASHINGTON (AP)  New satellite imagery appears to show a train of mining carts and other preparations under way at North Korea's nuclear test site but no indication of when a detonation might take place.

Relative: Bin Laden Yemeni widow to stay in Saudi
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP)  Osama bin Laden's Yemeni widow has received assurances from Saudi officials that she and her children can remain in the kingdom, a relative said Friday after Pakistan deported more than a dozen members of the late al-Qaida leader's family.

Spain crisis deepens with jobless rise, downgrade
MADRID (AP)  The hole in Spain's economy is getting deeper.

Italian fugitive arrested outside Scotland Yard
LONDON (AP)  When British police finally snared an Italian fugitive wanted for the last 30 years, the task couldn't have been easier: he was arrested across the street from Scotland Yard's London headquarters, officials said Friday.

For Obama, bin Laden killing becomes campaign tool
WASHINGTON (AP)  The killing of Osama bin Laden, first presented as a moment of national unity by President Barack Obama, has become something else: a political weapon.

Romney urges young people to take economic risks
WESTERVILLE, Ohio (AP)  Mitt Romney on Friday encouraged young Americans facing bleak job prospects to "take risks"  and even borrow money from their parents  to help improve their economic fortunes.

Obama targets diploma mills that market to vets
FORT STEWART, Ga. (AP)  President Barack Obama reached out to a generation of young soldiers Friday as he added new protections for veterans and military families misled or bilked by career colleges and technical programs that target their federal education benefits. "They don't care about you," he declared, "they care about your cash."

Obama makes health care appeal to female voters
WASHINGTON (AP)  Casting his re-election along gender lines, President Barack Obama told hundreds of female supporters Friday that Republicans seem determined to meddle in women's health decisions in ways that are "appalling, offensive and out of touch."

PROMISES, PROMISES: Romney pledges raise questions
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is making campaign promises that could produce an economic miracle  or a more predictable list of broken vows.

Suddenly Someone: Finding fleeting political fame
WASHINGTON (AP)  Wanna be famous?

House OKs student loan bill, ignores veto threat
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republicans defied a veto threat and the House voted Friday to prevent federal loan costs from doubling for millions of college students. The vote gave the GOP a momentary election-year triumph on a bill that has become enmeshed in partisan battles over the economy, women's issues and President Barack Obama's health care overhaul.

FCC requires TV stations to post rate info online
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Federal Communications Commission has voted to require TV stations to post online the advertising rates they charge political candidates and advocacy groups.

Lawmakers optimistic about cyber bill prospects
WASHINGTON (AP)  House Republicans and Democrats expressed optimism Friday about sending a cybersecurity bill to President Barack Obama this year despite significant disagreements with the Senate and the White House.

Protesters at party conventions could be armed
TAMPA, Florida (AP)  The thousands of protesters expected at the Democratic and Republican national conventions can come armed with a lot more than signs and slogans: State law in Florida and North Carolina allows concealed weapons, including guns.

Growth slowed at year's start but some see rebound
WASHINGTON (AP)  Don't panic yet. The government reported Friday that the economy got off to a tepid start this year, but that doesn't foreshadow a repeat of the near-standstill that happened in 2011.

Dow regains ground it lost in April; Amazon surges
NEW YORK (AP)  It took a while, but the Dow Jones industrial average finally gained back all its losses for the month.

Ford 1Q earns fall on Europe slump, tax rate
DEARBORN, Mich. (AP)  Ford Motor Co. has tidied up North America, sweeping out old products and excess costs. But the rest of the world keeps making a mess.

Regulators close 4 banks in 3 states
WASHINGTON (AP)  Federal regulators have closed two banks in Maryland and one each in Minnesota and South Carolina, bringing to 21 the number of U.S. banks that have failed so far this year.

Automakers may have dodged resin shortage threat
DEARBORN, Mich. (AP)  The auto industry may have steered its way around another crisis, avoiding a second major disruption of its supply chain in a year.

United Airlines CEO paid more than $13 million
DALLAS (AP)  Jeffery Smisek helped put together the world's largest airline with the merger of United and Continental, and the company rewarded him by more than tripling his compensation last year to $13.4 million.

Spain crisis deepens with jobless rise, downgrade
MADRID (AP)  The hole in Spain's economy is getting deeper.

Samsung coyness puts smartphone crown in dispute
NEW YORK (AP)  Smartphones are the hottest gadgets in the world. But who's the biggest smartphone maker? We don't really know.

In Alaska, plan to cut oil taxes hits a wall
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP)  Oil long has been king in Alaska, but the state's Republican governor is having trouble finding support for a tax break he believes is critical to ensuring it remains so.

Natural gas prices rise, benchmark oil up slightly
Battered natural gas prices are getting a bit of a break as cooler spring weather raises expectations that demand may improve.

Samsung coyness puts smartphone crown in dispute
NEW YORK (AP)  Smartphones are the hottest gadgets in the world. But who's the biggest smartphone maker? We don't really know.

FCC requires TV stations to post rate info online
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Federal Communications Commission has voted to require TV stations to post online the advertising rates they charge political candidates and advocacy groups.

Amazon, Texas reach deal to settle sales tax spat
AUSTIN, Texas (AP)  Online retailer Amazon.com reached an agreement with Texas officials Friday to settle a sales tax dispute by expanding operations in the state and starting to collect sales taxes.

Eastman Kodak 1Q loss widens
NEW YORK (AP)  Eastman Kodak Co. said Friday that its first-quarter loss widened on hefty charges related to its reorganization under bankruptcy protection and a drop in sales.

Yahoo escalates patent battle with Facebook
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Yahoo is bringing out more artillery in its patent battle with Facebook.

Smartphones fuel Samsung profit to record
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  A surge in Galaxy smartphone sales fueled earnings at Samsung Electronics to a record high in the first quarter, usually a tough season for the global consumer electronics industry, outshining handset rivals such as Nokia Corp.

Zynga investors worry about growth, shares slump
NEW YORK (AP)  Shares of Zynga Inc. declined further on Friday, even after the online game maker reported first-quarter results that surpassed Wall Street's expectations. Nervous investors are looking for any signs of a slowdown for the young company, which completed its initial public offering in December.

Lawmakers optimistic about cyber bill prospects
WASHINGTON (AP)  House Republicans and Democrats expressed optimism Friday about sending a cybersecurity bill to President Barack Obama this year despite significant disagreements with the Senate and the White House.

Hubbub over content rights greets Google Drive
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Google CEO Larry Page recently wrote that he hopes to show the company is "deserving of great love." But the Internet search leader may need to win more trust, based on the suspicions swirling around Google Drive, a new online storage service for personal documents, photos and other content.

Kindle Fire helps Amazon beat 1Q estimates
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Amazon.com Inc. posted first-quarter profits Thursday that blew by analysts' estimates and boosted the company's stock in extended trading. The online commerce giant said its Kindle Fire tablet computer was its best-selling item and helped lift revenue from digital movies and books.

Holstein with mad cow disease was lame, lying down
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  The California dairy cow found to have mad cow disease was very old for a milk producer and had been euthanized after it became lame and started lying down, federal officials revealed in their latest update on the discovery.

Space shuttle arrives in NYC; crowds watch in awe
NEW YORK (AP)  In a city understandably wary of low-flying aircraft, New Yorkers and tourists alike watched with joy and excitement Friday as space shuttle Enterprise sailed over the skyline on its final flight before it becomes a museum piece.

Soyuz craft carrying three-man crew lands safely
ALMATY, Kazakhstan (AP)  A Soyuz space capsule carrying two Russians and an American touched down safely Friday on the sweeping steppes of central Kazakhstan, ending the men's 163-day stay on the International Space Station.

Rare Philippine turtles returned by Hong Kong
MANILA, Philippines (AP)  Turtles represent longevity and good luck, and that's certainly true for 18 rare smuggled turtles that were returned from Hong Kong to their native Philippines.

Student researcher spies odd lava spirals on Mars
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A researcher has spotted lava flows shaped like coils of rope near the equator of Mars, the first time such geologic features have been discovered outside of Earth.

Study: Ancient migrants spread farming in Europe
NEW YORK (AP)  Thousands of years ago, farming spread across Europe and replaced the hunter-gatherer lifestyle of early inhabitants. Now a study of ancient DNA says that trend was driven by farmers moving from place to place.

Study: Antarctic ice melting from warm water below
WASHINGTON (AP)  Antarctica's massive ice shelves are shrinking because they are being eaten away from below by warm water, a new study finds. That suggests that future sea levels could rise faster than many scientists have been predicting.

Meteorites found in Calif. along path of fireball
RENO, Nev. (AP)  Robert Ward has been hunting and collecting meteorites for more than 20 years, so he knew he'd found something special in the Sierra foothills along the path of a flaming fireball that shook parts of Northern California and Nevada with a sonic boom over the weekend.

Ohio man's fossil find in Kentucky stumps experts
DAYTON, Ohio (AP)  Experts are trying to figure out what a fossil dubbed "Godzillus" used to be.

US tiger shrimp sightings worry scientists
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  A big increase in reports of Asian tiger shrimp along the U.S. Southeast coast and in the Gulf of Mexico has federal biologists worried the species is encroaching on native species' territory.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Suncor's Growth Story


[$$] EPA Aide Faulted for Talk


Cabot's New Pipeline Project Will Drive Stock Higher Into 2013


Pomerantz Law Firm Has Filed a Class Action Against Houston American Energy Corp. -- HUSA
[GlobeNewswire] - NEW YORK -- Pomerantz Haudek Grossman & Gross LLP has filed a federal securities class action (12-cv-01332) in the United States District Court, Southern District of Texas, on behalf of all persons who ...

Nexen Our Favorite Pick Among 5 Candidates


EXCO Resources: Deep Value Or Deep Trouble?


Exclusive: Chesapeake board member lent money to CEO McClendon
[Reuters] - As Chesapeake Energy Corp.'s board of directors moves to distance itself from loans taken by CEO Aubrey McClendon, documents reviewed by Reuters show that at least one former board member had undisclosed ...

Quicksilver Resources Announces First-Quarter 2012 Earnings Call
[Marketwire] - FORT WORTH, TX-- - Quicksilver Resources Inc. today announced the company expects to release first-quarter 2012 earnings on Tuesday, May 8, 2012, before the market opens. The company will host a conference ...

Suncor Energy Inc (SU): Today's Featured Basic Materials Winner


Chesapeake Bars Executives From Well Deals That Enriched Chief


Apache: This Oil & Gas King Will Hit $135 By 2014


Chesapeake Energy plugs blown oil well leaking gas


5 Reasons Why Chesapeake Shares Should Be Sold


How Chesapeake Energy Can Be Saved (From Itself): Opinion


A Flaming Buy? Natural Gas Won't Stay Low Forever


UPDATE 1-Chesapeake Wyoming well leak under control


4 Things to Watch When Chesapeake Reports Results


Is this Stock a Potential Multibagger?


UPDATE 1-US natgas drilling rig count hits new 10-yr low


Is this Stock a Potential Multibagger?


Forbes Earnings Preview: Pioneer Natural Resources


This Just In: More Upgrades and Downgrades


In Alaska, plan to cut oil taxes hits a wall


Oil price, margin lift Chevron


Chevron sticks with oil. And it pays off.


Final Glance: Oil companies


GDP Growth Slows As Investment Falls; Consumers Solid
[Investor's Business Daily] - Full content sent to and hosted by Yahoo!General NewsHealth & MedicineIndustry SnapshotNew Issue AmericaReal EstateTop 10Feature StoryInvestor's Corner

Analyst Moves: MDRX, OXY
[at Forbes] - Allscripts (MDRX) was downgraded today from buy to hold by Jefferies (JEF) with a price target of $10.50 due weak bookings and poor operating results. Shares are lower by about 35.5 percent. Occidental Petroleum (OXY) today had its estimates lowered by UBS (UBS) as the company has been facing increasing costs, as [...]

Analyst Moves: MDRX, OXY
[at Forbes] - Allscripts (MDRX) was downgraded today from buy to hold by Jefferies (JEF) with a price target of $10.50 due weak bookings and poor operating results. Shares are lower by about 35.5 percent. Occidental Petroleum (OXY) today had its estimates lowered by UBS (UBS) as the company has been facing increasing costs, as [...]

UPDATE 1-Union, Exxon scrap over refinery contract, safety


Chevron Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Chevron Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Chevron Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

ExxonMobil Makes 'Eenie, Meenie, Miney, Mo' Obsolete


ExxonMobil Makes 'Eenie, Meenie, Miney, Mo' Obsolete


Market map: Energy's a drag


TOTAL's EPS Matches Zacks Estimate


4 Energy Stocks Active Among Traders Following Earnings


5 Reasons Why Chesapeake Shares Should Be Sold


How Chesapeake Energy Can Be Saved (From Itself): Opinion


TEXT-Fitch affirms ConocoPhillips IDR at 'A', outlook now stable


Chevron Earnings & Yield Rise Thanks To Oil


[$$] Chevron's Profit Edges Higher


ENI's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - ENI's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

NOBLE/BRIEF (URGENT)


Shallow Water Drilling = Big Losses


KEG Stock Crowded With Sellers


Chesapeake Bars Executives From Well Deals That Enriched Chief


Patterson-UTI Beats Estimates


Key Energy shares fall on 1Q results, 2012 outlook


What to Watch for When Kodiak Reports Results


Will SeaDrill Benefit From the "Super Spike" in Dayrates?


The Gory Details on Hercules Offshore's Double Miss


Forbes Earnings Preview: Rowan Companies


Debt-Free Dividend Paying Trusts


Key Energy Services Misses on Both Revenue and Earnings


Step 2 Of The Building Of Halcn Resources


Debt-Free Dividend Paying Trusts


Noble Corporation Announces Results Of Shareholder Vote
[PR Newswire] - ZUG, Switzerland, April 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Corporation (NE) today announced the results of the annual general meeting of shareholders of Noble Corporation, a Swiss corporation (the "Company"), ...

Noble Corporation Board Schedules Previously Approved Regular Capital Reduction Payment To Shareholders
[PR Newswire] - ZUG, Switzerland, April 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Corporation (NE) today reported that the Company's Board has set the record and payment date for a payment to shareholders in the form of a ...

Drilling for Deep Sea Gold


Parker Drilling Company First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Approach Resources Turns More Into Less


Rowan Companies, Inc. First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Approach Resources Inc. Announces Preliminary First Quarter Production and Schedules First Quarter 2012 Conference Call for Friday, May 4, 2012
[Business Wire] - Approach Resources Inc. today announced preliminary production, commodity price realizations and capital expenditures for first quarter 2012. Estimated first quarter 2012 production totaled 654 MBoe , compared to 469 MBoe produced in first quarter 2011, a 39% increase.

UPDATE 1-NiMin Energy to sell California assets for $27 mln


Cameron Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- In conjunction with Cameron's (CAM) Second Quarter earnings release, you are invited to listen to its conference call that will be broadcast live over the ...

Weatherford International Ltd (WFT): Today's Featured Basic Materials Loser


BRIEF - Moody's disclosures on credit ratings for Baker Hughes


GIFI Crosses Above Key Moving Average Level


Oil States International's CEO Discusses 1Q 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Oil States International's CEO Discusses 1Q 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Carbo Ceramics Stock Crowded With Sellers


Why Newpark Resources Shares Got Crushed


Schlumberger's Stock by the Numbers


Why Oil States International Shares Jumped


Superior Energy Services' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Superior Energy Services' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

13 Dividend Stocks With Buy Ratings From Canaccord Genuity


Weekly US oil, gas rig count down by 27 to 1,945


Gulf Island Fabrication posts 1Q profit


Why the Street Should Love Core Laboratories' Earnings


The Morning Leverage: Executing An Exit Strategy


Caterpillar: So Solid, So Well Positioned


Energy Concern Reports 'Superior' Quarter And Still Has Substantial Upside


Oceaneering upgraded to Add from Neutral at Capital One


Synergy Resources Increases Revolving Line of Credit to $20 Million
[PR Newswire] - PLATTEVILLE, Colo., April 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Synergy Resources Corporation (SYRG), a domestic oil and gas exploration and production company focused in the Denver-Julesburg Basin (the ...

Forum Energy Technologies Reports 2012 First Quarter Net Income of $42.5 Million
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. today reported first quarter 2012 revenue of $363.5 million, up 79 percent over first quarter 2011 revenue of $203.1 million. Net income for the first quarter ...

DCP Midstream Partners Declares Increase in Quarterly Distribution
[Business Wire] - DCP Midstream Partners, LP today announced that the board of directors of its general partner declared a quarterly cash distribution of $0.66 per unit for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.

Williams Companies Misses on Revenues but Beats on EPS


Kinder Morgans Platte Pipeline 85% Oversubscribed for May


Kinder Morgan rations no space on Express in May


Oiltanking Partners LP Goes Ex-Dividend Soon


Has Buckeye Partners Become the Perfect Stock?


A Covered Call To Take Advantage Of Plains All American Pipeline's Dividend


FERC Approves Northwest Pipeline Pre-filed Rate Settlement
[Business Wire] - Williams Partners L.P. announced today that its Northwest Pipeline system received approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission on a pre-filed rate settlement

TC Pipelines Looks Very Attractive


Take Advantage Of Energy Transfer Partners' Incredible Yield


TEXT-S&P rates Kinder Morgan new debt 'BB'


Delayed deals cut Evercore earnings
[at Financial Times] - Evercore, the independent investment bank, posted disappointing earnings for the first quarter after three big deals failed to close and expenses crept higher.

Updated Enhanced Income Strategy For Spectra Energy


Williams Companies' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Williams Companies' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

NuStar Energy Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


El Paso Pipeline Partners to Release First Quarter 2012 Results on May 3, 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - El Paso Pipeline Partners, L.P. will release first quarter 2012 financial and operational results before the market opens on Thursday, May 3, 2012. Detailed financial and operational information ...

El Paso Corporation to Release First Quarter 2012 Results on May 3, 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - El Paso Corporation will release first quarter 2012 financial and operational results before the market opens on Thursday, May 3, 2012. Detailed financial and operational information will ...

KKR's Healthy Pipeline


El Paso Pipeline Partners Ex-Dividend Reminder


Enbridge Inc. Declares June 1 Dividends
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Enbridge Inc. announced today that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend on its common shares of $0.2825 per share, payable on June 1, 2012 to shareholders of record ...

Inergy Midstream, L.P. Declares Quarterly Cash Distribution
[Business Wire] - The Board of Directors of NRGM GP, LLC, general partner of Inergy Midstream, L.P. , announced that it has declared the companys quarterly cash distribution of $0.37 per limited partner unit for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.

Genesis Energy, L.P. Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[Business Wire] - Genesis Energy, L.P. today announced its first quarter results. Results for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 included the following items:

UPDATE 1-Marathon plans Garyville HCU expansion in November-filing


Everything You Need To Know About Vaca Muerta, One Of The Biggest Shale Fields Outside Of North America


Valero Energy Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Marathon plans Garyville HCU expansion in November-filing


Sunoco Inc. First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Forbes Earnings Preview: Murphy Oil


Forbes Earnings Preview: Marathon Oil


Forbes Earnings Preview: Tesoro


Forbes Earnings Preview: Sunoco


Tesoro Corporation Stock Getting Very Oversold


Syntroleum's First Quarter 2012 Earnings and Dynamic Fuels Plant Update Conference Call Scheduled for May 3, 2012
[GlobeNewswire] - TULSA, Okla. -- Syntroleum Corporation today announced the Company will host a conference call for investors to discuss its first quarter 2012 results and to update the status of the Dynamic Fuels Geismar ...

Tesoro Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Murphy Oil Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Argentina: Don't Feel Too Sorry For Repsol


Why Delek US Holdings' Earnings May Not Be So Hot


Marathon Oil Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Energy stocks move up, Chevron flat


Hedge Fund Manager Barry Rosensteins Top 10 Picks Returned 15% this Year


Eagle Rock Energy Partners Issues Reminder Regarding Final Warrant Exercise Date on May 15th
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Eagle Rock Energy Partners, L.P. (the "Partnership" or "Eagle Rock") hereby reminds its warrant holders that the final exercise date for the Eagle Rock outstanding warrants ...

Chesapeake Midstream Partners, L.P. Increases Distribution to $0.405 Per Unit for the 2012 First Quarter
[Business Wire] - Chesapeake Midstream Partners, L.P. today announced that the Board of Directors of its general partner declared a cash distribution of $0.405 per limited partner unit for the 2012 first quarter.

Hess Corp Stock Upgraded (HES)


Rating Wall Street's Ratings: Rockwell Automation, Dr Pepper Snapple, Hess, Marriott


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.678
[3.66, 3.68, 3.68, 3.68, 3.69]

Indianapolis
3.694
[3.69, 3.69, 3.69, 3.69, 3.71]

USA Average
3.82

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
104.81

Brent Prices
119.83

