This file created: March-26 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Justices moving to heart of health care overhaul
WASHINGTON (AP)  As demonstrations swirled outside, Supreme Court justices signaled on Monday they are ready to confront without delay the keep-or-kill questions at the heart of challenges to President Barack Obama's historic health care overhaul. Virtually every American will be affected by the outcome, due this summer in the heat of the election campaign.

Fight claims, pot put Fla. teen's side on defense
SANFORD, Fla. (AP)  The family and supporters of slain Florida teenager Trayvon Martin found themselves on the defensive Monday following revelations he had been suspended for marijuana before he was shot to death by a neighborhood watch volunteer. Police also confirmed a report that the watchman claimed Martin was the aggressor, punching him in the nose and smacking his head on a sidewalk.

Afghan security forces kill 3 NATO troops
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP)  Afghan security forces shot and killed three international troops Monday, one of them an American, in two attacks. They were the latest in a rising number of attacks in which Afghan forces have turned their weapons on their foreign partners.

Benedict arrives in Cuba as 'pilgrim of charity'
SANTIAGO, Cuba (AP)  Pope Benedict XVI arrived in Cuba on Monday in the footsteps of his more famous predecessor, saying he holds great affection for Cubans on both sides of the Florida Straits and has heartfelt hopes for reconciliation.

Justices preview bigger issues of health care case
WASHINGTON (AP)  The big thing on the first day was what didn't happen. No justice endorsed the idea that it's too soon for the Supreme Court to take on the health care law.

Officials: White House offers to curtail drones
WASHINGTON (AP)  In a bid to save the CIA's drone campaign against al-Qaida in Pakistan, US officials offered key concessions to Pakistan's spy chief that included advance notice and limits on the types of targets. But the offers were flatly rejected, leaving US-Pakistani relations strained as President Barack Obama prepares to meet Tuesday with Pakistan's prime minister.

Atty: Monsignor 'won't run' from Pa. church abuse
PHILADELPHIA (AP)  A high-ranking monsignor on trial in Philadelphia "won't run" from the Catholic Church's sex abuse crisis, his lawyer said Monday when the landmark child endangerment trial opened.

Studies: Surgery can put diabetes into remission
CHICAGO (AP)  New research gives clear proof that weight-loss surgery can reverse and possibly cure diabetes, and doctors say the operation should be offered sooner to more people with the disease  not just as a last resort.

Bobby Brown arrested on suspicion of DUI
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Officials in Southern California say Bobby Brown has been arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence.

Goodell might let Payton coach during appeal
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell might allow Sean Payton to coach the Saints while he appeals his season-long suspension for his role in the team's bounties program.

Fight claims, pot put Fla. teen's side on defense
SANFORD, Fla. (AP)  The family and supporters of slain Florida teenager Trayvon Martin found themselves on the defensive Monday following revelations he had been suspended for marijuana before he was shot to death by a neighborhood watch volunteer. Police also confirmed a report that the watchman claimed Martin was the aggressor, punching him in the nose and smacking his head on a sidewalk.

Justices moving to heart of health care overhaul
WASHINGTON (AP)  As demonstrations swirled outside, Supreme Court justices signaled on Monday they are ready to confront without delay the keep-or-kill questions at the heart of challenges to President Barack Obama's historic health care overhaul. Virtually every American will be affected by the outcome, due this summer in the heat of the election campaign.

Justices preview bigger issues of health care case
WASHINGTON (AP)  The big thing on the first day was what didn't happen. No justice endorsed the idea that it's too soon for the Supreme Court to take on the health care law.

Explosion destroys home of Ga. 'Chicken Man'
ROSWELL, Ga. (AP)  An explosion on Monday rocked the suburban Atlanta home of a man known for his fight to keep chickens on his property, and emergency officials say a body was found inside.

Officials: White House offers to curtail drones
WASHINGTON (AP)  In a bid to save the CIA's drone campaign against al-Qaida in Pakistan, US officials offered key concessions to Pakistan's spy chief that included advance notice and limits on the types of targets. But the offers were flatly rejected, leaving US-Pakistani relations strained as President Barack Obama prepares to meet Tuesday with Pakistan's prime minister.

SF slaying suspect had been ordered deported
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  An immigration judge in 2006 had ordered the suspect in the recent slayings of five people in San Francisco to be removed from the country, officials said Monday.

House votes overwhelmingly to ease financial rules
WASHINGTON (AP)  To the chagrin of consumer groups, the House gave overwhelming bipartisan approval Monday to two bills easing requirements that President Barack Obama's overhaul of financial regulations impose on some exotic financial instruments blamed for helping trigger the 2008 financial crisis.

House GOP cancels highway program extension vote
WASHINGTON (AP)  With a potential shutdown of federal highway and transit programs looming, House Republican leaders abruptly canceled a vote Monday on three-month extension bill aimed at keeping aid flowing to states while Congress debates an overhaul of transportation policy.

Chief: No conclusions in Iraqi-American death case
EL CAJON, Calif. (AP)  Shaima Alawadi and her family fled Iraq nearly two decades ago as Saddam Hussein crushed a Shiite uprising, settling in the U.S. so they would no longer face persecution, a family friend said.

Studies: Surgery can put diabetes into remission
CHICAGO (AP)  New research gives clear proof that weight-loss surgery can reverse and possibly cure diabetes, and doctors say the operation should be offered sooner to more people with the disease  not just as a last resort.

Benedict arrives in Cuba as 'pilgrim of charity'
SANTIAGO, Cuba (AP)  Pope Benedict XVI arrived in Cuba on Monday in the footsteps of his more famous predecessor, saying he holds great affection for Cubans on both sides of the Florida Straits and has heartfelt hopes for reconciliation.

Obama to Russia: More flexibility after elections
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  President Barack Obama told Russia's leader Monday that he would have more flexibility after the November election to deal with the contentious issue of missile defense, a candid assessment of political reality that was picked up by a microphone without either leader apparently knowing.

Annan: Syrian crisis can't be allowed to drag on
MOSCOW (AP)  Kofi Annan, the United Nations and Arab League envoy to Syria, said Monday there can be no deadline for ending the Syrian crisis but it's urgent to move ahead quickly to stop the killing.

DSK gets preliminary charges in prostitution probe
LILLE, France (AP)  Dominique Strauss-Kahn was handed preliminary charges Monday alleging he was involved in a French prostitution ring, his lawyer said. The former International Monetary Fund chief is denying wrongdoing.

World leaders praise Senegal runoff election
DAKAR, Senegal (AP)  World leaders and international observers on Monday lauded Senegal's presidential runoff election, saying that the country's peaceful vote and its quick resolution provided hope in a region long beset by coups and strongman rule.

Afghan security forces kill 3 NATO troops
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP)  Afghan security forces shot and killed three international troops Monday, one of them an American, in two attacks. They were the latest in a rising number of attacks in which Afghan forces have turned their weapons on their foreign partners.

Mali coup leaders partially reopen airport
BAMAKO, Mali (AP)  Mali's coup leaders said Monday they are partially reopening the West African nation's main airport even as demonstrators marched in the capital to protest last week's putsch and demand a return to constitutional order.

French gunman's journey to terror
PARIS (AP)  Mohamed Merah grew up in one of the toughest housing projects of Toulouse, with his mother, two brothers and two sisters. At age five, his parents split up  and he took that hard. As a youth he turned to petty crime, landing in prison twice.

Papal visit gives Cuba's 2nd city a day in the sun
SANTIAGO, Cuba (AP)  This sun-scorched city is accustomed to playing second fiddle to Havana at the other end of Cuba. On Monday, though, Santiago comes first as Pope Benedict XVI has arrived, bringing the world's gaze with him.

Egypt's Brotherhood faces double backlash
CAIRO (AP)  Egypt's powerful Islamists on Monday faced a backlash on two fronts as they try to solidify their hold on the country's politics, as liberal politicians quit a panel tasked with drafting a new constitution to protest its domination by Islamists.

Top Obama donors among frequent White House guests
WASHINGTON (AP)  More than half of President Barack Obama's most generous campaign fundraisers have visited the White House at least once for meetings with top advisers, holiday parties or state dinners, according to a review by The Associated Press. Scores made multiple visits.

Romney trumpets rush of conservative endorsements
SAN DIEGO (AP)  Mitt Romney trumpeted a flurry of conservative endorsements along with backing Monday from a delegate who belonged to campaign dropout Jon Huntsman as he looks to wrap up the GOP presidential nomination.

Justices moving to heart of health care overhaul
WASHINGTON (AP)  As demonstrations swirled outside, Supreme Court justices signaled on Monday they are ready to confront without delay the keep-or-kill questions at the heart of challenges to President Barack Obama's historic health care overhaul. Virtually every American will be affected by the outcome, due this summer in the heat of the election campaign.

Obama to Russia: More flexibility after elections
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  President Barack Obama told Russia's leader Monday that he would have more flexibility after the November election to deal with the contentious issue of missile defense, a candid assessment of political reality that was picked up by a microphone without either leader apparently knowing.

House GOP budget plan heats up as campaign issue
WASHINGTON (AP)  The new debt-slashing budget plan pushed by House Republicans heated up as a presidential campaign issue Sunday as the proposal's architect, Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, sparred with top Democrats over its political fallout and downplayed the possibility he could be tapped as a vice presidential candidate.

Obama warns N. Korea, Iran their options are few
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  President Barack Obama warned North Korea and Iran on Monday that their options are few, and their friends fewer, as those nations refuse to back down from actions the world sees as menacing.

A political tip sheet for the rest of us
A political tip sheet for the rest of us outside the Washington Beltway, for Monday, March 26:

Outside Supreme Court, Santorum argues own case
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum appeared outside the Supreme Court on Monday as the justices heard arguments over whether President Barack Obama's overhaul of the nation's health care system is constitutional.

With win in hand from La., Santorum eyes Wis.
GREEN BAY, Wis. (AP)  Another victory in hand but still badly trailing rival Mitt Romney, Republican presidential hopeful Rick Santorum vowed to continue his campaign despite an increasingly steep climb to the nomination.

US to pursue 'non-lethal' aid for Syrian rebels
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  Seeking to stem the violence in Syria, the U.S. and other key allies are considering providing Syrian rebels with communications help, medical aid and other "non-lethal" assistance.

Kraft gave CEO $15.7 million; 17 percent pay bump
NEW YORK (AP)  Kraft Foods Inc. gave its CEO a pay package worth $15.7 million in 2011, which represents a 17 percent raise from the previous year.

Harvard emails show Zuckerberg's business side
NEW YORK (AP)  Emails from Mark Zuckerberg's Harvard days show the dropout-turned-Facebook CEO as a young entrepreneur losing patience with a client's delayed payments.

House votes overwhelmingly to ease financial rules
WASHINGTON (AP)  To the chagrin of consumer groups, the House gave overwhelming bipartisan approval Monday to two bills easing requirements that President Barack Obama's overhaul of financial regulations impose on some exotic financial instruments blamed for helping trigger the 2008 financial crisis.

Frosty night threatens early-budding fruit crops
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP)  Anxious farmers in fruit-growing regions of the Great Lakes, Northeast and even parts of the South kept misters, smudge pots and helicopters in their arsenals as a cold front approached from Canada, threatening to freeze trees and vines overnight that had budded early amid record-setting warmth.

Justices moving to heart of health care overhaul
WASHINGTON (AP)  As demonstrations swirled outside, Supreme Court justices signaled on Monday they are ready to confront without delay the keep-or-kill questions at the heart of challenges to President Barack Obama's historic health care overhaul. Virtually every American will be affected by the outcome, due this summer in the heat of the election campaign.

House GOP cancels highway program extension vote
WASHINGTON (AP)  With a potential shutdown of federal highway and transit programs looming, House Republican leaders abruptly canceled a vote Monday on three-month extension bill aimed at keeping aid flowing to states while Congress debates an overhaul of transportation policy.

Big gain for stocks after Bernanke remarks
NEW YORK (AP)  Stocks leapt to multi-year highs and recorded one of their biggest gains of the year Monday after Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke suggested that the economy still needs help to produce faster job growth.

Bernanke calls US job market weak despite gains
WASHINGTON (AP)  Chairman Ben Bernanke says the U.S. job market remains weak despite three months of strong hiring and that the Federal Reserve's existing policies will help boost economic growth.

Lions Gate shares up on 'Hunger Games' huge debut
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Lions Gate Entertainment seized a pot of gold.

Feds probe bus defect that may have caused crashes
DETROIT (AP)  Federal safety regulators have begun investigating buses made by Motor Coach Industries Inc. over the past 20 years because the drive shafts can fall out and cause drivers to lose control.

Harvard emails show Zuckerberg's business side
NEW YORK (AP)  Emails from Mark Zuckerberg's Harvard days show the dropout-turned-Facebook CEO as a young entrepreneur losing patience with a client's delayed payments.

Australia bans Chinese company from Web network
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)  Australia has banned Chinese technology giant Huawei from bidding to help build a nationwide high-speed Internet network due to concern about cyber attacks traced to China.

Yahoo appoints 3 to board in response to investor
NEW YORK (AP)  Internet company Yahoo has appointed three members to its board of directors, gearing up for a proxy fight with one of its largest shareholders.

Facebook warns employers not to demand passwords
NEW YORK (AP)  Facebook is warning employers not to demand the passwords of job applicants, saying that it's an invasion of privacy that opens companies to legal liabilities.

Facebook takes steps to address privacy concerns
NEW YORK (AP)  Facebook has taken steps in recent days to address more worries about privacy, warning employers not to ask prospective employees for their passwords and trying to clarify its user "rights and responsibilities" policies.

Girl's voice mails gone after T-Mobile promotion
SEATTLE (AP)  When Faron Butler wanted to hear his daughter's voice, he went to the voice mails she left him before she died of cancer at the age of 14.

Calif. Hmong community launches online translator
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  When Phong Yang, a Hmong refugee from Laos, landed in California's Central Valley  via stops in Thailand and France  he was 14 years old. He learned to speak Hmong from his parents, but today he has a hard time teaching the language to his children, who are distracted by cell phones and computers.

Zynga founder, other insiders to sell 43M shares
NEW YORK (AP)  Zynga's CEO and other insiders at the online games company plan to sell 43 million shares of stock in a public offering that will boost the amount of stock available for general trading by 35 percent.

Cameron: Earth's deepest spot desolate, foreboding
WASHINGTON (AP)  In James Cameron's fantasy films, like "Avatar" and "The Abyss," the unexplored is splashed in color and fraught with alien danger. But on his dive to the deepest place on Earth, reality proved far different: white, barren and bland.

Report: Oil spill culprit for heavy toll on coral
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  After months of laboratory work, scientists say they can definitively finger oil from BP's blown-out well as the culprit for the slow death of a once brightly colored deep-sea coral community in the Gulf of Mexico that is now brown and dull.

Space junk misses station astronauts
WASHINGTON (AP)  A discarded chunk of a Russian rocket missed the International Space Station early Saturday. However, it came close enough to force six astronauts to seek shelter in escape capsules.

Audit: Gas lines tied to fracking lack oversight
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Government auditors say federal officials know nothing about thousands of miles of pipelines that carry natural gas released through the drilling method known as fracking, and need to step up oversight to make sure they are running safely.

Research monkey importer facing cruelty charges
LOS ANGELES (AP)  An importer of research monkeys was set to stand trial Monday on cruelty charges after 15 primates died during an international flight.

SPIN METER: GOP claims about Obama puzzle enviros
NEW YORK (AP)  Mitt Romney says President Barack Obama blocked construction of the Keystone XL oil pipeline as a gift to environmentalists. Newt Gingrich calls Obama "President Algae" for supporting research on biofuels. And Rick Santorum says Obama's environmental views constitute a "phony theology" that prioritizes the earth over people.

Cloudy skies delay Va. suborbital rocket launches
ATLANTIC, Va. (AP)  The launch of five suborbital rockets from Virginia's coast is being rescheduled again.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
McMoRan Exploration Co. Provides Update on Davy Jones No. 1 Completion and Updates Exploration and Development Activities
[Business Wire] - McMoRan Exploration Co. today updated its ultra-deep exploration and development activities in the shallow waters of the Gulf of Mexico Shelf and onshore in the Gulf Coast area, including ongoing completion operations at Davy Jones No.

Natural Gas Producers Are A Bargain


Chesapeake planning deals in coming quarters


Sunpeaks Ventures Announces Clotamin to be Sold at Bravo Supermarkets in South Florida


UPDATE 1-Chesapeake planning deals in coming quarters


Gasco and Wapiti Close Uinta Basin Joint Venture Transaction
[PR Newswire] - DENVER and HOUSTON, March 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Gasco Energy, Inc. (NYSE Amex: GSX) ("Gasco") and Wapiti Oil & Gas II, L.L.C. ("Wapiti") today jointly announced that a Gasco Energy, ...

Ophir soars after gas find off Tanzania
[at Financial Times] - Shares in Ophir Energy rose by nearly a fifth following its latest drilling success with partner BG Group off the coast of Tanzania, which its management hope might help establish the province as geologically ...

[$$] Tullow Discovers Oil in Kenya


Encana Still in Neutral Lane


UPDATE 1-Apache CEO sees higher Permian spending


Looking For A SandRidge Permian Trust Entry? Be Patient


Matador Resources Company to Present at the 2012 Howard Weil Energy Conference
[PR Newswire] - DALLAS, March 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Matador Resources Company (NYSE: MTDR - News) ("Matador" or the "Company") announced today that Joseph Wm. Foran, Chairman, President and Chief Executive ...

Anadarko busy again in Gulf of Mexico


Ex-Div Reminder for Pioneer Natural Resources


BTE Makes Bullish Cross Above Critical Moving Average


Snag This Cheap Energy Stock Even Lower Than Director Goodyear Did


Swift Energy To Continue Focus On South Texas


Apache CEO sees higher Permian spending


Kenya oil exploration tax break likely to be in new law


CAMAC Energy to Present at the 3rd Eastern Africa Oil, Gas, & Energy Week
[Business Wire] - CAMAC Energy Inc. , a U.S.-based energy company engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and gas primarily in Africa, today announced that Dr.

UPDATE 1-Talisman finds light oil at Iraq well


U.S. bill ending oil company tax cuts clears Senate hurdle


UPDATE 1-Occidental sees lower 1st-qtr Colombian output


Energy Business Roundup: BPs Pullback, Apache Sitting on Oil


Brazil judge lets 2 accused in oil spill to leave country


Bill to repeal oil tax breaks advances in Senate


Final Glance: Oil companies


Senate Agrees to Debate Bill Repealing Oil-Industry Tax Breaks


North Sea rig evacuated after gas leak


Making Money From The ConocoPhillips Spinoff


Is It Too Late to Buy Big Oil?


Democrats target oil company tax breaks


Weekly Performance Update (March 19, 2012-March 23, 2012) On 5 Integrated Foreign Oil And Gas Companies


Report: Oil spill culprit for heavy toll on coral


[$$] In the Pipeline: M&A Spurt for Europe's Oil Firms


Total calls in help over Elgin gas leak
[at Financial Times] - Total, the French oil and gas group, has confirmed that a gas leak at a production platform in the North Sea remained "ongoing" on Monday following the emergency evacuation of nearly 240 staff ...

Mixed Results at Statoil PL053


PRESS DIGEST-Australian Business News - March 27


[$$] Tullow Discovers Oil in Kenya


Make the Decision Making Process A Combined Effort


[$$] Extracting Returns from Exxon Mobil


Midday Glance: Oil companies


Antero Resources Announces Closing of Marcellus Midstream Asset Sale
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, March 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Antero Resources today announced that it has closed the previously announced sale of its midstream assets, located in Harrison and Doddridge Counties, West Virginia ...

[$$] Nabors Aims for Asset Sales To Make Over $800 Million


TEXT: S&P Assigns 'B' Rtg To Vanguard Natural Resources


Crestwood Midstream Partners and Crestwood Holdings Complete Acquisition of Antero Resources' Marcellus Shale Gathering Assets
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Crestwood Midstream Partners LP and Crestwood Holdings Partners LLC announced today their joint venture, Crestwood Marcellus Midstream LLC, has completed the previously announced acquisition ...

Atwood Oceanics to Present at the Howard Weil Conference
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ATWOOD OCEANICS, INC., (NYSE: ATW - News) announced today that the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Robert J. Saltiel, will make a presentation to institutional ...

Pacific Drilling Announces Second Half and Full Year 2011 Results
[Business Wire] - Pacific Drilling S.A. today announced net income of $0.5 million or $0.00 per diluted share on revenue of $65.4 million for the six months ended December 31, 2011.

Nabors Industries: Energy Losers


BreitBurn Energy Partners' CEO to Present at Barclays 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference (Transcript)
[at Seeking Alpha] - BreitBurn Energy Partners' CEO to Present at Barclays 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference (Transcript)

UPDATE 1-Transocean eyes up to $1 bln in rig sales in 2012


Weatherford CFO Finally Takes the Fall


Nabors CEO points out missteps, sets asset sales


Transocean head hoping for spill settlement


VANGUARDNATURALRESOURCESLLC/BRIEF (URGENT)


Nabors Looks to Raise $800 Million In Asset Sales


Diamond Offshore upgraded to Accumulate from Hold at Tudor Pickering (pre-open)


Holloman Energy Selects Cooper Farm-Out Partner and Executes Letter of Intent


Oil and Gas Industry Poised to Benefit From Imposed Sanctions on Iran Petroleum Exports
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - Reuters reported Iranian oil exports will drop by 300,000 barrels a day this month because of tighter sanctions. As a result Oil prices rallied across the board Friday. Oil futures hit ...

Vanguard Natural Resources Announces Public Offering of Senior Unsecured Notes
[Business Wire] - Vanguard Natural Resources, LLC and its subsidiary VNR Finance Corp. today announced that they intend, subject to market conditions, to publicly offer $300 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2020 , pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 18, 2012.

Nabors Industries says monetizing oil and gas properties


Nabors Industries says had "unfortunate timing" on stock buybacks


Swiss Stocks Advance, Halting Five-Day Losing Streak


CORRECTED - OFFICIAL - GAIL eyes project stakes, long-term deals


McMoRan Exploration Co. Provides Update on Davy Jones No. 1 Completion and Updates Exploration and Development Activities
[Business Wire] - McMoRan Exploration Co. today updated its ultra-deep exploration and development activities in the shallow waters of the Gulf of Mexico Shelf and onshore in the Gulf Coast area, including ongoing completion operations at Davy Jones No.

Baker Hughes to Present at Howard Weil Energy Conference
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Baker Hughes (NYSE: BHI - News) announced today that its President and CEO Martin Craighead will be presenting on March 27, 2012, at the Howard Weil Energy Conference in ...

NR Crosses Above Key Moving Average Level


TEXT-S&P: Global Geophysical rating unchanged after note increase


Shift To Oil Pushes Schlumberger Fracking Rates Down


As 2012 Rally Cools, Move Into These 2 Stocks


Weatherford CFO Finally Takes the Fall


C&J Energy Services Announces Its First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- C&amp;J Energy Services, Inc. (NYSE: CJES - News) announced today that it will release its first quarter 2012 financial and operating results on Wednesday, May 9, 2012 after ...

Rigrodsky & Long, P.A. Announces A Securities Fraud Class Action Lawsuit Has Been Filed Against Weatherford International, Ltd.
[Business Wire] - Rigrodsky & Long, P.A. announces that a complaint has been filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of all purchasers of the securities of Weatherford International, Ltd.

UPDATE 2-Schlumberger sees results hurt by price pressures


Is Newpark's Growth for Real?


Analyst Moves: SWY, BHI


UPDATE 1-Schlumberger sees results hurt by price pressures


Schlumberger says fracking prices down in gas basins


Schlumberger says main risk of double dip recession "appears to be behind us"


American Petro-Hunter Updates Oil and Gas Production at the NOW2H Well -- Post Frack Results in Doubled Production


Williams, Exterran sell Venezuela assets


Williams completes agreement with PDVSA for $312M for Venezuela assets


Lamprell Sees Scope to Increase Margins in Global Oil Rig Market


Exterran to receive approx. $112M in connection with sale of Venezuelan JV


Exterran to Receive Approximately $112 Million in Connection with Sale of Venezuelan Joint Venture Assets
[Business Wire] - Exterran Holdings, Inc. today announced that WilPro Energy Services Limited and WilPro Energy Services Limited, the joint ventures owned by subsidiaries of Exterran and Williams , have completed the sale of the El Furrial and PIGAP II assets to PDVSA Gas, S.A.

If The Hunger Games Were Real This $7 Million Ranch Is Where You'd Train
[at Forbes] - A 250-acre compound with hunting and sporting amenities that would make a "Career Tribute" proud.

Canada Budget Will Include Energy Review Changes, Oliver Says


UPDATE 1-US Cash Products-Harbor distillates post gains


Energy Transfer Equity and Southern Union Announce Successful Completion of Merger
[Business Wire] - Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. and Southern Union Company today announced the successful completion of the previously announced merger of Southern Union with and into Sigma Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of ETE.

US Cash Products-Harbor distillates post gains


How Long Does It Take to Make a Buck at NuStar Energy?


Union Gas Helps Leadership Thunder Bay


4-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: Regency Energy Partners


Transco Announces Extension of Exchange Offer
[Business Wire] - Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Williams Partners L.P. , announced today that it has extended its offer to exchange all of its privately placed outstanding 5.40% Senior Notes due 2041 until 5 p.m.

Williams, Exterran sell Venezuela assets


Williams completes agreement with PDVSA for $312M for Venezuela assets


Genesis Energy pullback draws buyers


Exterran to receive approx. $112M in connection with sale of Venezuelan JV


Exterran to Receive Approximately $112 Million in Connection with Sale of Venezuelan Joint Venture Assets
[Business Wire] - Exterran Holdings, Inc. today announced that WilPro Energy Services Limited and WilPro Energy Services Limited, the joint ventures owned by subsidiaries of Exterran and Williams , have completed the sale of the El Furrial and PIGAP II assets to PDVSA Gas, S.A.

UPDATE 1-Venezuela to pay $420 mln to Williams and Exterran


REFILE-UPDATE 2-CME to change heating oil futures specs to reflect sulfur change


UPDATE 2-CME: NY heating oil futures to be ULSD from May '13


Venezuela to pay $420 mln to Williams and Exterran


Plains Issues $1.25B Senior Notes


US Cash Products-Pipe outage, maintenance boost Chicago diesel


Targa Resources Partners LP to Present at the Barclays Capital 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Targa Resources Partners LP ("Targa Resources Partners" or the "Partnership") announced today that representatives from Targa Resources Partners will present at the 2012 ...

US Cash Products-Pipeline outage boosts Chicago diesel


Regency Energy Partners to Host Annual Investor Day
[Business Wire] - Regency Energy Partners LP will host its fifth-annual meeting for analysts and investors, Wednesday, March 28th at the Rosewood Crescent Hotel in Dallas. For the schedu

Power Solutions International, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Results
[GlobeNewswire] - Fourth Quarter Net Sales Up 52% Year Over Year, 6% SequentiallyFourth Quarter Net Income of $0.6 Million or $0.06 Per Diluted ShareFourth Quarter Adjusted Net Income of $1.7 Million or $0.18 Per Diluted ...

Los Angeles Diesel Rises to Two-Week High on BP Refinery Flaring


Western Refining to Participate in Barclays Capital 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference
[GlobeNewswire] - EL PASO, Texas -- Western Refining, Inc. announced today that Company management will present at the Barclays Capital 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference in Phoenix, Arizona. The presentation ...

Investing In China's Oil And Gas Sector With This Non-Government Entity


KiOR Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings
[Business Wire] - KiOR, Inc. , a next-generation renewable fuels company, today announced its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2011.

Marathon Oil still expects production growth


Has Ferrellgas Partners Made You Any Real Money?


US petrol prices close in on $4
[at Financial Times] - Petrol prices in the US are fast approaching $4 a gallon amid fears among wholesalers that the possible closure of loss-making oil refineries could lead to supply shortages before the peak summer driving ...

Marathon sees higher Bakken output


Marathon Oil CEO Clarence Cazalot Reaffirms Growth Trajectory at Howard Weil Energy Conference
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - HOUSTON, March 26, 2012 - Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE: MRO - News) Chairman, President and CEO Clarence P. Cazalot, Jr. today provided investors with a comprehensive report on the Company`s operations and ...

Marathon Runs Well With These 2 Metrics


Marathon Petroleum upgraded to Outperform from Market Perform at Raymond James


CVR Energy expects capacity necessary to move production to Gulf coast by 2013


Valero Energy upgraded to Strong Buy from Market Perform at Raymond James


Delek US Holdings Declares Special Cash Dividend
[Business Wire] - Delek US Holdings, Inc. , an integrated energy company with assets in the petroleum refining, marketing, supply and retail industries, today announced that its Board of D

Eagle Rock Energy Announces Roger Fox as Senior Vice President, Midstream Business
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Eagle Rock Energy Partners, L.P. ("Eagle Rock" or the "Partnership") today announced that Roger Fox has been appointed to the position of Senior Vice President, Midstream ...

Technip Rises on Biggest Contract in U.K. North Sea: Paris Mover


El Paso refinery worker dies from injuries -local media


Valero's Port Arthur refinery coker malfunctions-filing


Refiner Still Dirt-Cheap As It Barrels Toward New Highs


US Cash Crude-Differentials rise as arb widens on last roll day


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.848
[3.84, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85]

Indianapolis
3.834
[3.82, 3.82, 3.84, 3.84, 3.85]

USA Average
3.87

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
107.1

Brent Prices
125.65

