This file created: March-04 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
A tearful Putin claims Russian election victory
MOSCOW (AP)  Vladimir Putin scored a decisive victory in Russia's presidential election Sunday to return to the Kremlin and extend his hold on power for six more years. His eyes brimming with tears, he defiantly proclaimed to a sea of supporters that they had triumphed over opponents intent on "destroying Russia's statehood and usurping power."

Obama assures Israel US force an option on Iran
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama said Sunday he would not hesitate to attack Iran to keep it from getting a nuclear bomb, hoping a forceful assurance will discourage Israel from launching a unilateral strike that could ignite the Middle East and drag the U.S. into war.

206 killed in Republic of Congo arms depot blasts
BRAZZAVILLE, Republic of Congo (AP)  Homes and buildings collapsed in the Congolese capital after an arms depot exploded Sunday, killing at least 206 people and entombing countless others in crushed structures including inside two churches that buckled while parishioners were celebrating Mass, officials and witnesses said.

Indiana baby found in field after tornado dies
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP)  An Indiana toddler found in a field after violent tornadoes died Sunday after being taken off life support, ending a hopeful tale for survivors in the Midwest and South picking through the storms' devastation.

Limbaugh comments overshadow GOP contest
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP)  Intensifying debate over conservative social values  and Republican icon Rush Limbaugh  overshadowed the nation's economic concerns Sunday as the Republican presidential campaign hurtled toward Super Tuesday contests that could re-shape the nomination battle and shift the direction of the Grand Old Party.

Dachau survivor and liberator meet 6 decades later
PHILADELPHIA (AP)  The way Ernie Gross and Don Greenbaum laugh and tell jokes with the ease of old friends, it's easy to assume the dapper octogenarians have known each other forever.

Gored Spanish bullfighter makes comeback
OLIVENZA, Spain (AP)  A Spanish bullfighter who lost sight in one eye and has partial facial paralysis after a terrifying goring returned to the bullring Sunday, five months after his injury.

Dog survives 53 days in wild, reunited with owner
RENO, Nev. (AP)  Barbara Bagley says she never gave up hope that her dog would be found alive in the Nevada desert after the animal bolted from the scene of a crash that critically injured her and killed her husband.

McIlroy holds off Tiger, goes to No. 1
PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. (AP)  Rory McIlroy won the Honda Classic with a performance worthy of the new No. 1 player in golf.

NFL to keep looking into bounties beyond Saints
NEW YORK (AP)  The NFL's investigation that found the New Orleans Saints paid bounties to players for knocking opponents out of games is far from over.

Indiana baby found in field after tornado dies
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP)  An Indiana toddler found in a field after violent tornadoes died Sunday after being taken off life support, ending a hopeful tale for survivors in the Midwest and South picking through the storms' devastation.

Dachau survivor and liberator meet 6 decades later
PHILADELPHIA (AP)  The way Ernie Gross and Don Greenbaum laugh and tell jokes with the ease of old friends, it's easy to assume the dapper octogenarians have known each other forever.

BP settlement includes new health claims process
BOOTHEVILLE, Louisville (AP)  A settlement that BP is hammering out with victims of the massive Gulf oil spill finally provides a system for monitoring health concerns and compensating people whose illnesses are found to have a link to the disaster.

New Mexico police find child's body in hole
CARLSBAD, N.M. (AP)  A search for a 4-year-old New Mexico boy led authorities Sunday to a deep, narrow hole in a neighbor's backyard where a police spokeswoman says a detective located the body of a child.

Chicago police chief pledges no NYPD-style spying
OAK BROOK TERRACE, Illinois (AP)  For the first time in public, Chicago Police Supt. Garry McCarthy promised his department will never conduct blanket surveillance of Muslims like the New York Police Department did in Newark, New Jersey, when he was chief there.

Dog survives 53 days in wild, reunited with owner
RENO, Nev. (AP)  Barbara Bagley says she never gave up hope that her dog would be found alive in the Nevada desert after the animal bolted from the scene of a crash that critically injured her and killed her husband.

Same-sex custody battle could change Florida law
TALLAHASSEE, Florida (AP)  A custody battle in Florida between two lesbians could fuel the growing national debate over the definition of motherhood.

40th Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race begins in Alaska
WILLOW, Alaska (AP)  Sixty-six mushers began their quest to win the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race with the competition's official start Sunday in Willow.

Police: Alaska girl locked in frigid bedroom dies
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP)  A 3-year-old girl from America's northernmost community died and her younger sister suffered hypothermia after their mother and the mother's boyfriend left them in a locked bedroom with a window open to a temperature of minus 30 degrees to air out the room because the girls wet their beds, authorities said.

Shooting outside Arizona club leaves 14 wounded
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP)  Hundreds of concert-goers waiting outside an Arizona nightclub for a hip-hop show fled in panic as shooting erupted involving three gunmen, leaving at least 14 people wounded. Police arrested one suspect and were hunting two others.

A tearful Putin claims Russian election victory
MOSCOW (AP)  Vladimir Putin scored a decisive victory in Russia's presidential election Sunday to return to the Kremlin and extend his hold on power for six more years. His eyes brimming with tears, he defiantly proclaimed to a sea of supporters that they had triumphed over opponents intent on "destroying Russia's statehood and usurping power."

206 killed in Republic of Congo arms depot blasts
BRAZZAVILLE, Republic of Congo (AP)  Homes and buildings collapsed in the Congolese capital after an arms depot exploded Sunday, killing at least 206 people and entombing countless others in crushed structures including inside two churches that buckled while parishioners were celebrating Mass, officials and witnesses said.

Poland defends rail safety after deadly crash
SZCZEKOCINY, Poland (AP)  Poland's government insisted Sunday that rail travel is safe in the country despite a train collision that killed 16 people, assurances that come months before masses of sports fans will enter the country for a major soccer tournament  many of whom will crisscross the nation by train.

Hugo Chavez says new tumor was cancerous
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP)  Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez revealed Sunday that a new tumor recently removed from his pelvic region was of the same type of cancer as a baseball-sized growth extracted from that part of his body about eight months ago.

Iceland's Ex-PM prepares to face trial over crisis
LONDON (AP)  Iceland's former prime minister faces trial Monday as the first world leader criminally charged over the 2008 financial crisis that left the world teetering on the edge of financial disarray.

Saudi: Syrians have right to defend themselves
BEIRUT (AP)  Saudi Arabia said Sunday that Syrians have a right to take up arms to defend themselves against the regime and accused the Damascus government of "imposing itself by force," as concerns mounted over a humanitarian crisis there.

Official: 61 dead in al-Qaida attack on Yemen base
SANAA, Yemen (AP)  Al-Qaida militants overran an army base in southern Yemen on Sunday, capturing heavy weapons and turning them on soldiers in intense clashes that left 61 dead, a military official said.

Mass grave of 157 bodies unearthed in Libyan town
BIN JAWWAD, Libya (AP)  Libyan government officials said Sunday they have unearthed a mass grave with 157 bodies of rebel fighters and civilians in an eastern town that was a major battleground during the country's 2011 civil war.

Ahmadinejad rivals cement lead in Iran parliament
TEHRAN, Iran (AP)  Conservative rivals of Iran's president claimed control of parliament Sunday with more than two-thirds of the seats decided from elections handing the ruling Islamic establishment near seamless control in the escalating nuclear standoff with the West.

Saint's ancient heart stolen from Dublin cathedral
DUBLIN (AP)  Somewhere in Ireland, a burglar has the heart of a saint.

What's so super about Tuesday? 419 GOP delegates
WASHINGTON (AP)  Super? Maybe not this time. But it is a Tuesday, one with the biggest payout of the Republican presidential primaries.

No. 2 House GOP leader Cantor endorses Romney
WASHINGTON (AP)  The second-ranking Republican in the House is throwing his support behind Mitt Romney in the GOP presidential race.

Gingrich: Limbaugh right to apologize for remarks
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich says Rush Limbaugh was wrong to call a college student a "slut" and "prostitute" in the debate over contraception coverage, and was right to apologize for the comments.

Santorum: Conservative vote could beat Romney
WASHINGTON (AP)  Rick Santorum says the conservative vote would dominate the Republican presidential race, except that he's splitting that vote now with Newt Gingrich.

Gingrich says Israel can't let Iran go nuclear
WASHINGTON (AP)  GOP presidential hopeful Newt Gingrich says he sees no evidence that the Obama administration is taking steps to prevent Iran from building a nuclear weapon.

Gingrich: GOP will unite behind eventual nominee
WASHINGTON (AP)  Newt Gingrich says he has no doubts that the Republican presidential candidates who fall short of winning the nomination will unite behind the eventual nominee  despite the often tough rhetoric the contenders are throwing at each other during the campaign.

Obama assures Israel US force an option on Iran
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama said Sunday he would not hesitate to attack Iran to keep it from getting a nuclear bomb, hoping a forceful assurance will discourage Israel from launching a unilateral strike that could ignite the Middle East and drag the U.S. into war.

Limbaugh apologizes to law student for insult
WASHINGTON (AP)  Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh apologized Saturday to a Georgetown University law student he had branded a "slut" and "prostitute" after fellow Republicans as well as Democrats criticized him and several advertisers left his program.

Santorum pushes social agenda in Ohio
LIMA, Ohio (AP)  Rick Santorum sees an America in need of more than economic recovery, warning Saturday that the nation's inattention to conservative social values is "damning people."

BP spill settlement clears way for comeback
NEW YORK (AP)  BP's multibillion-dollar settlement with people and businesses harmed by its 2010 oil spill removes some uncertainty about the potential financial damages it faces. It also may help the company restore its all-important relationship with the federal government.

A 7th advertiser pulls out of Limbaugh's show
NEW YORK (AP)  A flower company is the seventh advertiser to pull its ads from conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh's radio program in reaction to his derogatory comments about a law student who testified about birth control policy.

Screws tighten on European automakers
MILAN (AP)  As automakers prepare to roll out new models this week at the Geneva Auto Show  one of the major events in the automotive calendar  they are being forced to fight for a slice of an ever-shrinking European market stricken with austerity and recession.

Iceland's Ex-PM prepares to face trial over crisis
LONDON (AP)  Iceland's former prime minister faces trial Monday as the first world leader criminally charged over the 2008 financial crisis that left the world teetering on the edge of financial disarray.

'Lorax' cleans up at box office with $70.7M debut
LOS ANGELES (AP)  "Dr. Seuss' The Lorax" raked in all kinds of green, earning $70.7 million in its first weekend to score the biggest box-office debut of the year by far.

BP settlement includes new health claims process
BOOTHEVILLE, Louisville (AP)  A settlement that BP is hammering out with victims of the massive Gulf oil spill finally provides a system for monitoring health concerns and compensating people whose illnesses are found to have a link to the disaster.

Angry survivors attend 1st hearing on shipwreck
GROSSETO, Italy (AP)  The first hearing of the criminal investigation into the Costa Concordia's shipwreck was held in a theater Saturday instead of a courthouse because of high demand, with angry survivors seeking compensation, justice and the truth.

Expert: Kids likely not harmed in CVS pill mix-up
TRENTON, N.J. (AP)  Children who may have taken breast cancer treatment medication mistakenly distributed by a New Jersey pharmacy instead of prescribed fluoride pills likely won't suffer any health problems, a pharmaceutical expert said Saturday.

Anglers flock to contaminated Texas reservoir
DONNA, Texas (AP)  Signs bearing a skull and crossbones dot the banks of a reservoir and canal near this town on the U.S.-Mexico border, but the fishermen standing in the reeds nearby ignore them, casually reeling in fish that are contaminated with toxic chemicals and banned for human consumption.

Obama assures Israel US force an option on Iran
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama said Sunday he would not hesitate to attack Iran to keep it from getting a nuclear bomb, hoping a forceful assurance will discourage Israel from launching a unilateral strike that could ignite the Middle East and drag the U.S. into war.

Feel cheated? Small claims court brings big wins
NEW YORK (AP)  If you feel cheated by a big company and complaining gets you nowhere, what can you do? A handful of recent cases suggest that consumers can, if they're motivated enough, win against big companies in small claims courts.

A 7th advertiser pulls out of Limbaugh's show
NEW YORK (AP)  A flower company is the seventh advertiser to pull its ads from conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh's radio program in reaction to his derogatory comments about a law student who testified about birth control policy.

German court dismisses Apple, Samsung lawsuits
BERLIN (AP)  A German court has dismissed patent lawsuits by technology giants Apple and Samsung against each other in the two companies' battle over the market for smartphones and tablet devices.

Startup sued for putting local TV on the iPhone
NEW YORK (AP)  Broadcasters have sued a startup backed by media billionaire Barry Diller that sends live local TV feeds to iPhones and iPads in the New York area.

AT&T relents on 'unlimited data' plan limits
NEW YORK (AP)  AT&T Inc. backed away from an unpopular service policy after smartphone subscribers complained that the company placed unreasonable limits on its "unlimited data" plans.

Libraries protest Random House price hike
NEW YORK (AP)  The American Library Association is urging Random House Inc. to reconsider its steep increases in the price of e-books for library wholesalers

Kodak agrees to sell online gallery to Shutterfly
ROCHESTER, N.Y. (AP)  Eastman Kodak Co. said Thursday it plans to sell its online photo service business to online photo publishing company Shutterfly Inc. for $23.8 million.

FBI director: Cyber-threats will become top worry
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  The director of the FBI told an annual gathering of cyber-security professionals on Thursday that the agency needs the private sector to help combat what he believes is becoming the nation's No. 1 threat.

Telecoms groups fight back against free messaging
BARCELONA, Spain (AP)  Just past the security gate for the world's largest cell phone trade show in Barcelona, executives of big mobile carriers can't avoid walking past a booth they would probably rather not see: It's for "Pinger," a small California company that offers free texting in the United States and Germany and has global expansion plans.

Two-thirds of China's cities fail on air standards
BEIJING (AP)  Two-thirds of China's cities currently fail to meet stricter air quality standards that the government wants to phase in over four years to combat notoriously smoggy skies, a senior Chinese environmental official said Friday.

Everest climber warns of flood risks in Himalayas
TATOPANI, Nepal (AP)  Before Apa became a legendary Sherpa mountaineer, he was a humble Himalayan potato farmer who worked his fields in the Everest foothills until, without warning, raging floodwaters swallowed his farm.

Polish report: shale gas extraction not harmful
WARSAW, Poland (AP)  A scientific study in Poland has found that shale gas extraction at one site produced some toxic refuse but that the waste was reused and didn't harm the environment.

Dinosaurs had fleas too _ giant ones, fossils show
WASHINGTON (AP)  In the Jurassic era, even the flea was a beast, compared to its minuscule modern descendants. These pesky bloodsuckers were nearly an inch long.

Scientists reconstruct long-extinct giant penguin
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP)  It was a slender bird, with long wings and a spear-like bill to catch swift ocean prey. And scientists say the first glimpse of the extinct giant penguin species was worth the 26 million-year wait.

Poll: US belief in warming rises with thermometer
WASHINGTON (AP)  Americans' belief in global warming is on the rise, along with temperatures and surprising weather changes, according to a new university poll.

Smithsonian plans festival to welcome Discovery
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Smithsonian Institution plans a four-day festival with NASA to welcome space shuttle Discovery into its collection in April.

Obama plan for spotted owl targets rival bird
WASHINGTON (AP)  To save the imperiled spotted owl, the Obama administration is moving forward with a controversial plan to shoot barred owls, a rival bird that has shoved its smaller cousin aside.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
North Springs Resources Receives Positive Independent Review of Producing Gold and Silver Properties in Chihuahua Mexico


Gas groups tap derivatives deals for cash
[at Financial Times] - US oil and gas producers are making complex structured derivatives deals with investment banks to bring forward revenue by unlocking the value of their long-term hedging contracts.

BP's Cushing-to-Whiting pipeline ramped up ahead of Enbridge outage


Natural Gas Impairment Charges Pile Up


Another Low-Cost Operator Cuts Back Drilling


Matador Resources Company Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option
[PR Newswire] - DALLAS, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Matador Resources Company (NYSE: MTDR - News) announced today that the underwriters of its recently completed initial public offering of common stock have exercised their ...

SM Energy Announces Participation in Upcoming Investor Conferences
[Business Wire] - SM Energy Company today announces that the Company will be participating in the following upcoming investor events:

Ultra Petroleum Cut to Underperform


Oil, Housing And Stocks, Oh My!


Endeavor International Could Be A Two Or Three Bagger If It Hits Analysts' Estimates


TEXT-S&P revises Forest Oil Corp outlook


Chesapeake: Investors Underappreciate Assets, Says Analyst


Royale Completes Pipeline and Begins Production
[GlobeNewswire] - SAN DIEGO -- Royale Energy, Inc. announced today it has completed the pipeline to its Bristol well in the Sacramento Basin. The well has been put into production and will be opened up to over 1,000,000 ...

Long Term Positives For Natural Gas


Cove Energy shares fall over tax threat
[at Financial Times] - Shares in Cove Energy fell 8 per cent on Friday over fears Mozambican authorities would impose a tax charge that could slow any sale of the Africa-focused oil explorer.

CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Seaway to link to Enterprise terminal


ATP Announces Production Rates at Fourth Well at Telemark Hub
[Business Wire] - ATP Oil & Gas Corporation today announced initial production rates at its Mississippi Canyon Block 942 A-3 well in excess of 7,000 barrels equivalent per day , of which 85% is oil.

2 Energy Stocks to Watch Today


HKN Announces Annual Results for 2011
[Marketwire] - DALLAS, TX-- - HKN, Inc. today reported its annual financial results for the year ended December 31, 2011.Financial ConditionDuring 2011, HKN was able to significantly strengthen its financial condition ...

Southwestern Energy Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


TherapeuticsMD, Inc. Elects Four Additional Directors


Deepwater Oil Drilling Picks Up Again as BP Disaster Fades


UPDATE 5-Enbridge U.S. oil line to be shut for four more days


BP settlement includes new health claims process


Enbridge U.S. oil line to be shut for four more days


UPDATE 3-Enbridge says no timeline for pipeline restart


Congo Asks Citizens to Return to Capital After Deadly Explosion


[$$] Talking Energy's Future


5 Oil & Gas Stocks Riding A Wave Of Uncertainties


Numbers That Sway Markets and Voters


Environmental damages remain issue after BP deal
[AP] - BP's settlement with plaintiffs suing the company over the 2010 oil spill disaster in the Gulf of Mexico may address harm to individuals and businesses, but there is nothing in it that compensates the ...

BP begins to put spill behind it with settlement


BP settles Gulf spill suits, expects $7.8B payout


BP, Plaintiffs Reach $7.8 Billion Settlement


ExxonMobil: Dividend Dynamo or the Next Blowup?


BP to settle spill claims; cost estimated at $7.8B


BP expects to pay $7.8B in Gulf spill suit deal


BP settles Gulf spill lawsuits for at least $7.8B


BP, plaintiffs reach $7.8B Gulf spill settlement


Gulf oil spill settlement will have no cap to compensate plaintiffs; BP estimates $7.8B payout


Judge: BP, plaintiffs reach settlement in Gulf oil spill case


Shell breaks ground on oil shale work on US land


$1.6M Exxon-Montana oil spill settlement finalized


Build Your Own Bakken ETF
[at Motley Fool] - Take advantage of small and mid-size company Bakken oil plays ramping growth and likely acquisitions.

These Small Cap, High Beta Bakken Oil E&P Stocks May Get Hit Hard In A Pullback


$3 Dollar Shale Play Destined To Go Higher


BP Set to Gain as Gulf Oil Spill Settlement Lifts Dark Cloud


BP's $7.8 bln deal may speed payments for U.S. spill


BP's $7.8 billion deal may speed payments for U.S. spill


BP's $7.8 billion deal may speed payments for U.S. spill


BP in $7.8bn settlement of gulf claims
[at Financial Times] - BP and the lawyers representing more than 100,000 victims of the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill have reached an estimated $7.8bn out-of-court settlement over damages, delaying the trial that had been due ...

China North East Petroleum Comments on Stock Trading Halt
[PR Newswire] - HARBIN, China and NEW YORK, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire-Asia-FirstCall/ -- China North East Petroleum Holdings Limited (the "Company") (NYSE Amex: NEP), announced that during the day of March 1, ...

Hercules Offshore Announces Officer Appointments
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hercules Offshore, Inc. (Nasdaq: HERO - News) announced the appointment of Son P. Vann to Vice President Investor Relations and Planning and John F. Wasmuth to Vice President ...

How Sandridge Energy Turned A $400 Million Investment Into $8.7 Billion Of Value In 2 Years


BreitBurn Energy Partners Meets on the Top Line, Misses Where It Counts


EV Energy Partners Whiffs on Earnings


Vanguard Natural Resources Crushes Estimates


How the Wheels Came Off Rowan Cos.' Bus


Energy stocks drop


The Gory Details of Northern Oil and Gas' Earnings Miss


5-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: Transocean


UPDATE 1-Statoil seeks more "workhorse" rigs off Norway


Swiss Stocks Are Little Changed; Transocean, UBS Advance


Patterson-UTI Reports Drilling Activity for February 2012
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- PATTERSON-UTI ENERGY, INC. (NASDAQ: PTEN - News) today reported that for the month of February 2012, the Company had an average of 240 drilling rigs operating, including ...

Statoil plans new rig orders for 2015 delivery


BP Case Shifts to Fight Over U.S. Pollution Fines That May Top $17 Billion


BP Gulf of Mexico Rig Disaster, Spill, Litigation, Settlements: Timeline


Schlumbergers Gould Says Investors Fear Oil Over $200 Barrel


BP's Oil Spill Drama Still Hasn't Come To An End


Mission Control, Built for Cities


BP Set to Gain as Gulf Oil Spill Settlement Lifts Dark Cloud


BP spill settlement clears way for comeback
[AP] - BP's multibillion-dollar settlement with people and businesses harmed by its 2010 oil spill removes some uncertainty about the potential financial damages it faces. It also may help the company restore ...

BP's $7.8 bln deal may speed payments for U.S. spill


BP's $7.8 billion deal may speed payments for U.S. spill


BP's $7.8 billion deal may speed payments for U.S. spill


BP in $7.8bn settlement of gulf claims
[at Financial Times] - BP and the lawyers representing more than 100,000 victims of the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill have reached an estimated $7.8bn out-of-court settlement over damages, delaying the trial that had been due ...

BP begins to put spill behind it with settlement


BP reaches settlement in Gulf spill suit


These 2 Stocks Are Undervalued


BP Reaches Agreement on 2010 Oil-Spill Settlement Terms


Hornbeck Offshore to Issue $375,000,000 of 5.875% Senior Notes Due 2020
[PR Newswire] - COVINGTON, La., March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. (NYSE: HOS - News) (the "Company") announced today that it has agreed to sell $375,000,000 aggregate principal amount of ...

Weekly US oil, gas rig count up 8 to 1,989


NYMEX-Natural gas ends up, shorts cover ahead of weekend


TEXT-S&P rates Hornbeck Offshore Services notes


US spot natgas prices mixed after 4 straight losses


1 Energy Stock I'm Buying Now


NYMEX-Short covering props up natural gas ahead of weekend


Pipeline groups reap crude trade benefits
[at Financial Times] - Pipeline companies, the toll-road operators of the energy market, have emerged as some of the most successful crude traders in North America as booming supply upends prices.

Buy Plains All American Pipeline For Dividend Growth


This Refining Stock Is Going Places


4 Fuel Pipeline Companies To Consider In 2012


NuStar Energy L.P.s 2011 Schedule K-1 Tax Packages Now Available
[Business Wire] - NuStar Energy L.P. today announced that the 2011 tax packages, which include the Schedule K-1, are now available online at www.nustarenergy.com in the Investors section of the Web site.

Kinder Morgan in Rail Service JV


Magellan Midstream Partners LP: Wait For A Pullback


APL Added as Top 10 Energy Dividend Stock With 5.87% Yield


Kinder Morgan Companies File 2011 Annual Reports
[Business Wire] - Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, L.P. and Kinder Morgan Management, LLC have filed their annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2011, with the

DCP Midstream Partners Announces Pricing of Common Unit Offering
[Business Wire] - DCP Midstream Partners, LP announced today that it has priced an underwritten public offering of 4,750,000 common units representing limited partner interests at $47.42 per common unit.

Spectra Energy Holds Open Season for Renaissance Gas Transmission Project
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Spectra Energy Corp (NYSE: SE - News) today announced a non-binding open season for its Renaissance Gas Transmission (Renaissance) project, a new pipeline system that will ...

Goldman Sachs Criticized by Judge on Kinder Morgan Conflicts


Inergy Midstream Appoints New Member to Board of Directors
[Business Wire] - Inergy Midstream, L.P. announced today that Randy Moeder has been appointed to the board of directors of NRGM GP, LLC, the general partner of Inergy Midstream, L.P., effective immediately.

The 5 Best Stocks To Play Liquefied Natural Gas


Dealpolitik: Plenty of Warnings As El Paso Deal Squeaks By Judge


ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners to Present at Barclays Capital Investment Grade Energy and Pipeline Conference
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE: OKE - News) and ONEOK Partners, L.P. (NYSE: OKS - News) will present at the Barclays Capital Investment Grade Energy and Pipeline Conference on Thursday, ...

[video] Judge Slams El Paso CEO in Kinder Morgan Merger


DCP Midstream Partners Announces Public Offering of Common Units
[Business Wire] - DCP Midstream Partners, LP announced today that it has commenced, subject to market conditions, an underwritten public offering of 4,750,000 of its common units representing limited partner interests.

ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners to Participate in Morgan Stanley MLP and Diversified Natural Gas Corporate Access Day
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE: OKE - News) and ONEOK Partners, L.P. (NYSE: OKS - News) will participate in the Morgan Stanley MLP and Diversified Natural Gas Corporate Access Day in New ...

Lloyd Blankfein Makes Scripted Phone Calls


Analyst Moves: WES, VRSK


Delaware Court of Chancery Issues Opinion in Connection With El Paso Corporation's Pending Transaction With Kinder Morgan, Inc.
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - In a memorandum opinion, dated February 29, 2012, the Delaware Court of Chancery denied plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the shareholder vote scheduled for March ...

Alon reports hydrotreater malfunction -filing


Six Reasons To Pick Up This 7.5% Yielder From The Shale Patch


Argentina's Santa Cruz province sets deadline for YPF


This Refining Stock Is Going Places


[$$] Argentine Province Gives YPF Production Ultimatum


Delek reports FCC regenerator malfunction at Texas refinery


Why Next Winter's Heat Could Be Costly in New York


Argentina rebuffs Spain in YPF dispute
[at Financial Times] - Argentina has bluntly told Madrid not to meddle in YPF, its biggest company and former oil monopoly, even though it is controlled by Spain's Repsol (NYSE:REPYY.PK - News).

Eagle Rock Announces Availability of 2011 Tax Packages, Including Schedule K-1s
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Eagle Rock Energy Partners, L.P. ("Eagle Rock" or the "Partnership") today announced that Eagle Rock unitholders may now access their 2011 tax packages, including Schedule ...

Argentine oil province gives YPF investment ultimatum


Refining industry restructuring even as gas prices surge


Argentina tells Spain not to meddle in YPF, FT reports


Why retail gasoline prices are nearing a record


What Valero Does With Its Cash


Delek US Holdings Inc Is a Top 10 Energy Dividend Stock (DK)


Has Tesoro Become the Perfect Stock?


CVR Energy board rejects Icahn takeover bid


Will Western Refining Earn or Burn?


China Increases Oil, Gas and Coal Production - L&L Energy and Longwei Petroleum Poised to Benefit
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - In recent years, China's government has taken steps to increase the country's domestic energy production -- particularly in coal, oil and natural gas. Peng Qiming, director of the Ministry ...

$5 Gas: Play It Again Sam


Valero Energy: There Are Fundamental And Technical Reasons To Buy


UPDATE 1-Spain minister in Argentina over Repsol row-sources


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.734
[3.73, 3.73, 3.73, 3.74, 3.74]

Indianapolis
3.762
[3.67, 3.77, 3.79, 3.79, 3.79]

USA Average
3.71

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
106.5

Brent Prices
123.63

