This file created: March-01 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
GOP senators fail to reverse birth control rule
WASHINGTON (AP)  In an election year battle mixing birth control, religion and politics, Democrats narrowly blocked an effort by Senate Republicans to overturn President Barack Obama's order that most employers or their insurers cover the cost of contraceptives.

Syrian rebels withdraw from enclave after siege
BEIRUT (AP)  After a punishing, monthlong military siege, Syrian rebels made what they called a "tactical retreat" Thursday from a key district in Homs, saying they were running low on weapons and the humanitarian conditions were unbearable.

2 more US troops killed by Afghan partners
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP)  Two U.S. troops were gunned down by two Afghan soldiers and an accomplice Thursday, the latest of six American service members killed by their Afghan partners since the burning of Muslim holy books at a U.S. base last week sent anti-Americanism soaring in a nation that has long distrusted foreigners.

Postal closures concern election officials, voters
Elections officials in several states are concerned that the closing of mail-processing centers and post offices could disrupt vote-by-mail balloting this year, a potential problem that has led some members of Congress to call for a delay until after the November elections.

7 American pro-democracy workers fly out of Egypt
CAIRO (AP)  Seven Americans on trial over charges their pro-democracy groups fomented unrest flew out of Egypt Thursday after the U.S. posted nearly $5 million in bail for them and nine others who managed to leave before a travel ban was imposed.

Md. governor signs bill legalizing gay marriage
BELTSVILLE, Md. (AP)  Maryland became the eighth state to legalize gay marriage on Thursday, as opponents were already several days into an effort to rally voters to reverse the change this fall. The push will rely heavily on members of black churches.

Ohio cops: Adopted boy shook when asked about sex
TROY, Ohio (AP)  A 10-year-old boy shook when asked about being prostituted to two other men by an adoptive father who regularly had sex with him, according to police, who said the boy was fearful of talking because he didn't want to be taken from his home or separated from his new siblings.

AT&T relents on 'unlimited data' plan limits
NEW YORK (AP)  AT&T Inc. backed away from an unpopular service policy after smartphone subscribers complained that the company placed unreasonable limits on its "unlimited data" plans.

Bristol Palin to star in Lifetime reality series
NEW YORK (AP)  Bristol Palin's home life in Alaska is the subject of a reality series starring the daughter of former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin.

AG: Ex-Penn State coach abused boys ages 8 to 17
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP)  Prosecutors claim Jerry Sandusky sexually abused boys ranging in age from 8 to 17, eight of whom were molested on the Penn State campus, according to a document with new details about the case filed Thursday.

Obama touts foreign policy to raise campaign cash
NEW YORK (AP)  Raking in campaign cash, President Barack Obama blitzed through Manhattan Thursday night, offering donors at ritzy fundraisers a vigorous defense of his foreign policy record, saying his administration's successes abroad would weaken one line of Republican attack in the presidential election.

Criticism grows over  NYPD's Muslim spying
TRENTON, N.J. (AP)  New York City's Police Department is facing mounting criticism of its secret surveillance of Muslims across the Northeast, with ACLU chapters and numerous other groups demanding an investigation and New Jersey's governor accusing the NYPD of arrogantly acting as if "their jurisdiction is the world."

Ohio cops: Adopted boy shook when asked about sex
TROY, Ohio (AP)  A 10-year-old boy shook when asked about being prostituted to two other men by an adoptive father who regularly had sex with him, according to police, who said the boy was fearful of talking because he didn't want to be taken from his home or separated from his new siblings.

GOP senators fail to reverse birth control rule
WASHINGTON (AP)  In an election year battle mixing birth control, religion and politics, Democrats narrowly blocked an effort by Senate Republicans to overturn President Barack Obama's order that most employers or their insurers cover the cost of contraceptives.

More violent weather ahead for damaged communities
HARRISBURG, Ill. (AP)  Crews cleared splintered plywood and smashed appliances from small-town neighborhoods Thursday, a day after tornadoes killed 13 people in the Midwest and South. But the forecast held a menacing possibility: More twisters may be coming, and they could be even stronger.

Coach praised after Ohio school shooting speaks
CHARDON, Ohio (AP)  An assistant football coach credited with chasing a teenage gunman from an Ohio school said Thursday that he wanted families of the three children slain in a shooting spree to know that he comforted the teens as they lay dying after the attack.

Jury begins deliberations in ex-Bronco's trial
CASTLE ROCK, Colo. (AP)  Jurors in the sexual assault trial of former Denver Broncos cornerback Perrish Cox on Thursday saw video of him expressing shock that the alleged victim was pregnant and that he was accused of raping her.

Arrest in US buttocks injections case
PHILADELPHIA (AP)  A woman who calls herself the "Black Madam" could face charges in the death of a London tourist who received illegal buttocks-enhancement injections last year in a Philadelphia hotel, police said Thursday.

Utah woman gives birth to third Leap Day baby
PROVO, Utah (AP)  In one of the rarest feats in the annals of family planning, a Utah woman has given birth on a third consecutive Leap Day, tying a record set in the 1960s.

AG: Ex-Penn State coach abused boys ages 8 to 17
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP)  Prosecutors claim Jerry Sandusky sexually abused boys ranging in age from 8 to 17, eight of whom were molested on the Penn State campus, according to a document with new details about the case filed Thursday.

7 American pro-democracy workers fly out of Egypt
CAIRO (AP)  Seven Americans on trial over charges their pro-democracy groups fomented unrest flew out of Egypt Thursday after the U.S. posted nearly $5 million in bail for them and nine others who managed to leave before a travel ban was imposed.

Syrian rebels withdraw from enclave after siege
BEIRUT (AP)  After a punishing, monthlong military siege, Syrian rebels made what they called a "tactical retreat" Thursday from a key district in Homs, saying they were running low on weapons and the humanitarian conditions were unbearable.

American teacher shot at Christian school in Iraq
SULAIMANIYAH, Iraq (AP)  The quarrel at a Christian school was at first easily ignored by other students: a disagreement between a classmate and a teacher that could barely be heard. But it quickly escalated into gunfire Thursday in a murder-suicide marking the rare violent death of an American in Iraq's most peaceful region.

2 foreign journalists buried in Syria as 2 flee
BEIRUT (AP)  Two Western journalists killed in the Syrian city of Homs last week were buried in the embattled neighborhood where they died, according to activist videos posted Thursday, while two other reporters escaped into neighboring Lebanon.

Q&A: Surprise and skepticism over US-NKorea deal
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  Surprise and skepticism met the announcement that North Korea would freeze most nuclear activities in exchange for food aid from the United States.

Argentine president seeks new flights to Falklands
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP)  Argentine President Cristina Fernandez made a surprise conciliatory gesture Thursday by seeking negotiations with the United Kingdom to establish several weekly flights from Buenos Aires to the Falkland Islands.

2 more US troops killed by Afghan partners
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP)  Two U.S. troops were gunned down by two Afghan soldiers and an accomplice Thursday, the latest of six American service members killed by their Afghan partners since the burning of Muslim holy books at a U.S. base last week sent anti-Americanism soaring in a nation that has long distrusted foreigners.

Alarm, life vests and lifeboats: Cruise ship docks
VICTORIA, Seychelles (AP)  The worst moments for Gordon and Eleanor Bradwell came immediately after the alarm sounded. Eleanor rushed to their cabin to get a life vest. Gordon was pushed in another direction. The scent of smoke grew stronger aboard the disabled cruise ship. Then the lifeboats dropped.

Calls mount to cancel resort near Mexican reef
MEXICO CITY (AP)  One of Mexico's most successful environmental rescue projects, a newly thriving coral reef, is under threat from a Cancun-sized mega-development planned for the Baja California Peninsula, activists said Thursday as they staged a protest to put pressure on the Spanish developer.

Maldives president blocked from opening Parliament
MALE, Maldives (AP)  A raucous opposition protest kept the Maldives' president waiting more than nine hours and ultimately prevented him from opening Parliament on Wednesday, three weeks after he took office in a contentious power transfer.

Michigan GOP changes delegate award after vote
LANSING, Mich. (AP)  Michigan GOP officials have voted to change the way they will award 30 delegates from the presidential primary, a day after the tally showed native son Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum each getting 15.

SPIN METER: Santorum's shifting views on education
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum is scornful of the government's hand in public education, saying schooling is the task of parents and pointing out that he and his wife have home-schooled their seven children.

A political tip sheet for the rest of us
WASHINGTON (AP)  A political tip sheet for the rest of us outside the Washington Beltway, for Thursday, March 1:

Paul targets Romney, GOP candidates with ad
WASHINGTON (AP)  TITLE: "Three of A Kind"

IRS battling conservatives over tax-exempt status
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Internal Revenue Service is embroiled in battles with tea party and other conservative groups who claim the government is purposely frustrating their attempts to gain tax-exempt status.

Romney working to connect personally with voters
FARGO, N.D. (AP)  His two latest victories aside, Republican presidential front-runner Mitt Romney is working to connect more personally with voters and refocus his campaign on the protracted fight for convention delegates as he tries to recover from a difficult month and answer key questions about the strength of his candidacy.

Santorum campaign hoping for help from Gingrich
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP)  Short on money and staff, Rick Santorum needs help to remain a viable threat to front-runner Mitt Romney in the race for the Republican presidential nomination. One strategist hopes it will come from another rival, Newt Gingrich.

Wash. caucuses last stop before Super Tuesday
OLYMPIA, Wash. (AP)  The fight to emerge as the Republican challenger to Barack Obama turns next to Washington state  a Democratic bastion known not just for majestic mountain ranges and good coffee, but also for independent-minded voters.

Obama touts foreign policy to raise campaign cash
NEW YORK (AP)  Raking in campaign cash, President Barack Obama blitzed through Manhattan Thursday night, offering donors at ritzy fundraisers a vigorous defense of his foreign policy record, saying his administration's successes abroad would weaken one line of Republican attack in the presidential election.

Jobs picture brightens, but economy awaits liftoff
WASHINGTON (AP)  After years of bad news begetting more bad news, the American economy may finally be building momentum in the other direction.

As gas prices rise, Detroit is ready
DETROIT (AP)  Gas prices are spiking. But this time, Detroit is ready.

Even after backlash, banks quietly pursuing fees
NEW YORK (AP)  Big banks, facing declining revenues and a regulatory climate that leaves them fewer creative ways to make money, are quietly introducing or experimenting with fees that are sure to outrage customers.

Strong retail sales are sign of improving economy
NEW YORK (AP)  Americans stepped up their spending in February, boosting sales at many stores and offering the latest sign that shoppers are feeling more confident in the economy.

AT&T relents on 'unlimited data' plan limits
NEW YORK (AP)  AT&T Inc. backed away from an unpopular service policy after smartphone subscribers complained that the company placed unreasonable limits on its "unlimited data" plans.

Questions loom as Yelp looks to price IPO
Yelp's popular online reviews guide the hungry to the best restaurants, the thirsty to the friendliest bars and the flabby to the toughest personal trainers. But, on the eve of its initial public offering, the eight-year-old, still unprofitable company has yet to convince analysts of its long-term prospects.

Banks lead stock rally; Nasdaq nears 3,000
NEW YORK (AP)  Banks dodged a big hit from the Greek debt crisis and rallied Thursday to lead the stock market higher. Strong retail sales and more encouraging news about the U.S. job market also helped stocks rise.

Bernanke cites harm from long-term unemployment
WASHINGTON (AP)  Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke reiterated his concern Thursday that chronic long-term unemployment threatens to reduce the nation's supply of skilled workers.

Small business not sold on Obama tax pitch
NEW YORK (AP)  Last week, President Barack Obama released a proposal to lower the federal corporate tax rate  a move that on its face  would seem to be good news for small businesses. But the president's pitch isn't getting rave reviews.

Europe seeks growth as austerity takes its toll
BRUSSELS (AP)  Europe's leaders have said they are committed to supporting economic growth, in a concession that their focus on austerity as the key to solving the debt crisis is not working as unemployment hits record highs and recession looms over the region.

Questions loom as Yelp looks to price IPO
Yelp's popular online reviews guide the hungry to the best restaurants, the thirsty to the friendliest bars and the flabby to the toughest personal trainers. But, on the eve of its initial public offering, the eight-year-old, still unprofitable company has yet to convince analysts of its long-term prospects.

AT&T relents on 'unlimited data' plan limits
NEW YORK (AP)  AT&T Inc. backed away from an unpopular service policy after smartphone subscribers complained that the company placed unreasonable limits on its "unlimited data" plans.

Kodak agrees to sell online gallery to Shutterfly
ROCHESTER, N.Y. (AP)  Eastman Kodak Co. said Thursday it plans to sell its online photo service business to online photo publishing company Shutterfly Inc. for $23.8 million.

Telecoms groups fight back against free messaging
BARCELONA, Spain (AP)  Just past the security gate for the world's largest cell phone trade show in Barcelona, executives of big mobile carriers can't avoid walking past a booth they would probably rather not see: It's for "Pinger," a small California company that offers free texting in the United States and Germany and has global expansion plans.

Zynga unveils stand-alone game destination
NEW YORK (AP)  Zynga is unveiling a new online gaming destination so people can play "CityVille," ''Zynga Poker" and other games off Facebook.

Apple market value hits $500B, where few have gone
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple's market capitalization topped $500 billion Wednesday, climbing to a mountain peak where few companies have ventured  and none have stayed for long.

Kim Dotcom says he'll beat 'political' piracy case
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP)  In his first interviews since his January arrest in New Zealand, Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom says he will prevail in what he calls a "political" Internet piracy case against him.

Anonymous hackers claim they were infiltrated
LIMA, Peru (AP)  People identifying themselves as activists in the Anonymous hacker movement said Wednesday it wasn't technical prowess but police infiltration that yielded 25 arrests in a sweep in Europe and South America.

Q&A: Google to dig deeper into users' lives
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  If you're amazed  and maybe even a little alarmed  about how much Google seems to know about you, brace yourself. Beginning Thursday, Google will operate under a streamlined privacy policy that enables the Internet's most powerful company to dig even deeper into the lives of its more than 1 billion users.

Brand-name deals to mix with Facebook friend posts
NEW YORK (AP)  Messages from brands such as Walmart and Starbucks may soon be mixed in with your Facebook status updates and baby photos from friends and family.

Dinosaurs had fleas too _ giant ones, fossils show
WASHINGTON (AP)  In the Jurassic era, even the flea was a beast, compared to its minuscule modern descendants. These pesky bloodsuckers were nearly an inch long.

Scientists reconstruct long-extinct giant penguin
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP)  It was a slender bird, with long wings and a spear-like bill to catch swift ocean prey. And scientists say the first glimpse of the extinct giant penguin species was worth the 26 million-year wait.

Poll: US belief in warming rises with thermometer
WASHINGTON (AP)  Americans' belief in global warming is on the rise, along with temperatures and surprising weather changes, according to a new university poll.

Smithsonian plans festival to welcome Discovery
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Smithsonian Institution plans a four-day festival with NASA to welcome space shuttle Discovery into its collection in April.

Obama plan for spotted owl targets rival bird
WASHINGTON (AP)  To save the imperiled spotted owl, the Obama administration is moving forward with a controversial plan to shoot barred owls, a rival bird that has shoved its smaller cousin aside.

Tsunami debris floating across Pacific toward US
HONOLULU (AP)  Refrigerators, TVs and other debris dragged into sea when a massive earthquake hit Japan last March, causing tsunamis as high as 130 feet to crash ashore, could show up in remote atolls north of Hawaii as soon as this winter, with other pieces reaching parts of the West Coast in 2013 and 2014, experts say.

W. Pa. wells had casing failures in complaint area
PITTSBURGH (AP)  At least two gas wells near a community that's complained of sudden drinking water pollution developed casing problems during the drilling process, but neither Rex Energy Corp. nor state environmental regulators disclosed those problems during recent discussions about the contamination.

BP, plaintiffs focus on Gulf oil spill settlement
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  Nearly two years after his brother Gordon was killed in the Deepwater Horizon oil rig explosion, Chris Jones had planned to drive in from Baton Rouge with other relatives to attend the start of the federal trial over the nation's worst offshore oil disaster.

Scientists see red on NASA cuts of Mars missions
WASHINGTON (AP)  NASA said Monday it is not giving up on Mars, but it will have to get there later and at a lower price.

Supreme Court rejects emergency carp measures
TRAVERSE CITY, Mich. (AP)  The U.S. Supreme Court refused Monday to order emergency measures that might prevent Asian carp from reaching the Great Lakes, despite a warning that the exotic fish pose a "dire threat" to the region's environment and economy.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
UPDATE 1-Seaway to link to Enterprise terminal via new pipe


Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Announces Investigation of CNOOC Limited
[PR Newswire] - NEW YORK, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP, a leading national securities law firm, is investigating potential securities fraud at CNOOC Limited ("CNOOC" or the "Company") ...

RANGE DECLARES QUARTERLY DIVIDEND
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - FORT WORTH, TEXAS, MARCH 1, 2012 RANGE RESOURCES CORPORATION (NYSE: RRC) today announced that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on its common stock. A dividend of $0.04 per common ...

Double Eagle Petroleum Co. Updates Niobrara Well Drill Results and Reports Increase in 2011 Proved Reserves
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Double Eagle Petroleum Co. (NASDAQ: DBLE - News) announced today that it has completed the drilling of its Atlantic Rim (Greater Green River Basin) exploratory appraisal ...

[$$] Natural-Gas Prices Sink


Seaway to link to Enterprise's ECHO terminal via new pipe


Kosmos Energy's CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Kosmos Energy's CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

EXCO Resources, Inc. Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend
[Business Wire] - EXCO Resources, Inc. today announced that its Board of Directors declared a first quarter cash dividend of $0.04 per share. The dividend is payable on March 30

Baytex to Present at FirstEnergy/Socit Gnrale East Coast Energy Conference
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Baytex Energy Corp. is pleased to announce that Brian Ector, Vice President, Investor Relations, will be presenting at the FirstEnergy/Societe Generale East Coast Energy Conference ...

SandRidge Energy Looks To Double Oil Production


Petroleum Development Shares Gush Higher: What You Need to Know


FRAK: Conventional ETF Access To Unconventional Oil & Gas
[Seeking Alpha] - FRAK: Conventional ETF Access To Unconventional Oil & Gas

In Bakken Oil Boom, Oil Hunters Diverge on Strategy


CHK Set to Divest Permian Acreage


Is Chesapeake Energy Cheap According to Graham?


Lukoil Shelves $1.8 Billion U.S. Shale Deal After Gas Slumps


Rodman & Renshaw, LLC Acts as a Co-Manager to Stone Energy Corp. in Private Offering of $275 Million Convertible Notes due 2017
[Business Wire] - Rodman & Renshaw, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Rodman & Renshaw Capital Group, Inc. acted as co-manager to Stone Energy Corp. , an independent oil & gas exploration & production company.

Houston American Energy Provides Update on the Tamandua #1 Well - Completion Attempt in the C-9 and C-7 Sands
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- As reported in Houston American Energy Corp's (NYSE Amex: HUSA) Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 and in Form 8-K on December ...

Devon Energy: Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats


Mozambique seeks cap gains tax from Cove sale


Carrizo Oil & Gas Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average


TransGlobe Energy Corporation Announces Release Date of Year-End and Fourth Quarter 2011 Results and Conference Call
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - TransGlobe Energy Corporation will announce its year- end and fourth quarter 2011 financial and operating results on Thursday, March 8, 2012 before the opening of the stock markets. ...

Why retail gasoline prices are nearing a record


Final Glance: Oil companies


[$$] Natural-Gas Prices Sink


Alaska Oil Production in February Drops 5.5% From a Year Earlier


A look at oil stock performance in 2012


Hess Plans Equus Investment Decision in Australia in Mid-2013


Shell files pre-emptive offshore drilling lawsuit


Rising gas prices aren't lifting big oil stocks


Will These 5 Oil And Gas Stocks Remain Profitable For Investors?


Statoil-Aker Sign Enhancement Deal


Great Northern Iron Ore: The Greatest Short Play You Can't Make


Exxon's Usan Commences Production


CHK Set to Divest Permian Acreage


[$$] Chevron in Talks With Russia on Arctic Exploration


Cosan Considers Bond Sale to Fund Acquisition of Exxons Comma


Suncor, Imperial to Cooperate on Oil-Sands Pollution Measures


Midday Glance: Oil companies


Commodity Stocks With Attractive Dividends


Activist Target Marathon Petroleum Will Outperform ConocoPhillips


WAfrica Crude-Nigerian slightly firmer


Europe Distillates-Cracks dip on weak demand


Bill Barrett Corporation Reduces and Redirects 2012 Capital Program, Continues to Increase Emphasis on Oil
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Bill Barrett Corporation (the "Company") (NYSE: BBG - News) announced today a revised 2012 capital program for the Company as a result of lower natural gas prices. ...

Crestwood Midstream Partners LP Files 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Crestwood Midstream Partners LP today announced that it has filed the partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange ...

Northern Oil Will Get It Right For Shareholders


Noble Corporation Provides Fleet Contract Status Update
[PR Newswire] - ZUG, Switzerland, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Corporation (NYSE:NE - News) today announced that its report of drilling rig status and contract information has been updated as of March 1, 2012. The report, ...

Vanguard's Management Discusses Q4 2011 Earnings Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Vanguard's Management Discusses Q4 2011 Earnings Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Transocean Picks a Fight with the IRS


SandRidge Energy, Inc. Declares Semi-Annual Preferred Stock Dividend
[PR Newswire] - OKLAHOMA CITY, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- SandRidge Energy, Inc. (NYSE: SD - News) today announced that its Board of Directors has declared a $3.50 per share semi-annual dividend on its shares of 7.0% Convertible ...

It's Time To Sell This Popular Oil Stock


Bakken Update: Poor Execution Is A Cause For Concern


Cross Border Resources Announces Increase in Borrowing Base Under Revolving Credit Facility to $9.5 Million


Is Kodiak Oil & Gas Actually Undervalued?


Magnum Hunter Resources Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


Economic Commentary: Long Natural Gas Equities


5-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: Noble


Australian-Canadian Oil Royalties Ltd. Announces Closing of Surat Basin Assets, Second Tranche of Financing at $0.35 Per Share and Provides Corporate Update
[PR Newswire] - CISCO, Texas, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Australian-Canadian Oil Royalties Ltd. (OTCBB: AUCAF.OB - News) ("ACOR" or the "Company") is pleased to announce the closing of the acquisition of ...

Magnum Hunter Resources Declares Monthly Cash Dividend on Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Magnum Hunter Resources Corporation announced today that it has declared a monthly cash dividend on the Company's 10.25% Series C Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock and a monthly cash ...

Transocean says may face $473 million U.S. tax bill


Halcon Resources Announces Pricing of $400 Million Private Placement
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON, TEXAS -- Halcon Resources Corporation (NASDAQ: HK) today announced that it has entered into definitive agreements with institutional investors to sell, in a private offering, approximately 4,444 ...

Vanguard Natural Resources, LLC Provides Positive Outlook for 2012
[Business Wire] - Vanguard Natural Resources, LLC announced today that it has provided financial and operational guidance for the full year 2012.

Vanguard Natural Resources Reports Record Adjusted EBITDA, Production and Proved Reserves for 2011
[Business Wire] - Vanguard Natural Resources, LLC today reported financial and operational results for the full year and fourth quarter ended December 31, 2

Patterson-UTI Energy to Present at the Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- PATTERSON-UTI ENERGY, INC. (NASDAQ: PTEN - News) today announced that it will make a presentation on March 6, 2012 at the Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors ...

GulfMark Offshore, Inc. Announces Pricing of $300 Million Private Placement of Senior Notes Due 2022
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- GulfMark Offshore, Inc. ("GulfMark") announced today the pricing of its private placement of $300 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.375% senior unsecured notes due 2022 to ...

Fed Chiefs Remarks Stop a Winning Streak


Lufkin Industries to Present at Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference March 5
[PR Newswire] - LUFKIN, Texas, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Lufkin Industries, Inc. (Nasdaq: LUFK - News) announced today that the Company will present at the Raymond James & Associates 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference ...

NYMEX-Natural gas ends down near 6 pct after light stock draw


US spot natgas prices mixed after 4 straight losses


Look For Laggard Baker Hughes To Catch Up To Schlumberger, Halliburton


NYMEX-Natural gas off 6 pct early after light stock draw


Fool Checkup: Cal Dive International Earnings


Why the Street Should Love National Oilwell Varco's Earnings


5-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: National Oilwell Varco


Reminder - Halliburton Company (HAL) Goes Ex-Dividend Soon


NYMEX-Natgas off early ahead of weekly storage data


Carbo Ceramics: Short Term Outlook Turns Cloudy


FMC Technologies Named World's Most Admired Oil and Gas Equipment, Services Company
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- FMC Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: FTI - News) announced today that it has been named the 2012 World's Most Admired Company in the Oil and Gas Equipment, Services industry by ...

Oil Advances a Second Day on Rising Iran Risk, Declining Jobless Claims


US natgas futures slip 3 pct early ahead of stocks report


Energy XXI to Attend Raymond James' 33rd Annual Institutional Investor Conference
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Energy XXI today announced that John Schiller, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will present at the Raymond James Institutional Investor Conference in Orlando, Florida on Monday, March ...

EGPI Firecreek, Inc. Signs Agreement to Sell Off Portion of Oil and Gas Interests to U.K. Based Cubo Energy, PLC for 1.15 Million Dollars


Brent Oil Rises a Second Day as Iran Risk Counters U.S. Supply Increase


UPDATE 2-India's Tata Comm mulls bid for C&W Worldwide


CGGVeritas: Stphane-Paul Frydman and Pascal Rouiller Appointed Senior Executive Vice-President
[Business Wire] - Regulatory News:

CGGVeritas Announces 2011 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results
[Business Wire] - Regulatory News:

Goldman Sachs Criticized by Judge on Kinder Morgan Conflicts


The 5 Best Stocks To Play Liquefied Natural Gas


Inergy Midstream Appoints New Member to Board of Directors
[Business Wire] - Inergy Midstream, L.P. announced today that Randy Moeder has been appointed to the board of directors of NRGM GP, LLC, the general partner of Inergy Midstream, L.P., effective immediately.

Dealpolitik: Plenty of Warnings As El Paso Deal Squeaks By Judge


ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners to Present at Barclays Capital Investment Grade Energy and Pipeline Conference
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE: OKE - News) and ONEOK Partners, L.P. (NYSE: OKS - News) will present at the Barclays Capital Investment Grade Energy and Pipeline Conference on Thursday, ...

[video] Judge Slams El Paso CEO in Kinder Morgan Merger


DCP Midstream Partners Announces Public Offering of Common Units
[Business Wire] - DCP Midstream Partners, LP announced today that it has commenced, subject to market conditions, an underwritten public offering of 4,750,000 of its common units representing limited partner interests.

ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners to Participate in Morgan Stanley MLP and Diversified Natural Gas Corporate Access Day
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE: OKE - News) and ONEOK Partners, L.P. (NYSE: OKS - News) will participate in the Morgan Stanley MLP and Diversified Natural Gas Corporate Access Day in New ...

Lloyd Blankfein Makes Scripted Phone Calls


Analyst Moves: WES, VRSK


Delaware Court of Chancery Issues Opinion in Connection With El Paso Corporation's Pending Transaction With Kinder Morgan, Inc.
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - In a memorandum opinion, dated February 29, 2012, the Delaware Court of Chancery denied plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the shareholder vote scheduled for March ...

The Losers in the El Paso Corp. Opinion


Judge allows El Paso Corp. takeover to proceed


NuStar Energy L.P. and NuStar GP Holdings, LLC File 2011 Annual Reports
[Business Wire] - NuStar Energy L.P. and NuStar GP Holdings, LLC today announced that they have filed their respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 with the U.S.

Is Kodiak Oil & Gas Actually Undervalued?


Atlas Pipeline Is A High-Yielding, Beneath The Radar Stock


'Disturbing' Deal Reveals Goldman Sachs Conflicts


Western Gas to Present at Upcoming Barclays Investment Grade Energy and Pipeline Conference
[Business Wire] - Western Gas Partners, LP today announced that Donald R. Sinclair, President and CEO, will present at the 2012 Investment Grade Energy and Pipeline Conference, sponsored by the Barclays Capital, in New York, on Thursday, March 8, 2012 at 10:45 a.m.

Copano Energy Whiffs on Revenues


Kinder Morgan-El Paso Deal Still Faces Legal Fights


Gateway Announces Acquisition of a Natural Gas Pipeline
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Gateway Energy Corporation (OTCBB: GNRG.OB - News) today announced that it has closed the acquisition of a natural gas pipeline from Commerce Pipeline, L.P. ("Commerce") ...

Delaware Court Declines to Block Kinder Morgan's El Paso Corp. Deal


UPDATE 1-Spain minister in Argentina over Repsol row-sources


San Francisco Diesel Strengthens on Flaring at Chevron Richmond


Why retail gasoline prices are nearing a record


Hess Plans Equus Investment Decision in Australia in Mid-2013


[$$] YPF Shares Rally as Takeover Fears Recede


Why Western Refining Looks Promising


United Refining looking at Sunoco's Philadelphia refinery


Argentina's YPF shares up after president's speech


Activist Target Marathon Petroleum Will Outperform ConocoPhillips


[$$] CVR Board Calls on Shareholders to Reject Icahn Offer


Devon Energy: Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats


[$$] Why Refiner Stocks Have 35% Upside


YPF shares up 7% after big slide


Delek US Holdings Crosses Above Key Moving Average Level


Arabian American Development to Host Conference Call to Discuss 2011 Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results on March 8, 2012
[PR Newswire] - SUGAR LAND, Texas, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Arabian American Development Co. (NASDAQ: ARSD - News) announced today that a conference call will be held on March 8, 2012, to discuss 2011 fourth quarter and ...

Marathon Petroleum Corporation Announces Executive Appointment
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - FINDLAY, Ohio, March 1, 2012 - Marathon Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: MPC - News) today announced a corporate officer appointment effective immediately. Rodney P. Nichols, currently vice president, Human Resources ...

CVR Energy rebuffs Icahn's takeover proposal


CVR Energy urges stockholders to reject Icahn's offer


UPDATE 1-CVR Energy urges stockholders to reject Icahn's offer


Universal Bioenergy's NDR Energy Group Awarded Contract With Major Gas Utility for $11.47 Million


Crosstex Hosts Analyst Conference Tuesday, March 27
[Business Wire] - Crosstex Energy, L.P. and Crosstex Energy, Inc. will host an analyst conference on Tuesday, March 27, 2012, from 1:00  3:00 p.m.

CVR Energy's Board of Directors Unanimously Urges Stockholders to Reject Carl Icahn's Hostile Tender Offer
[PR Newswire] - SUGAR LAND, Texas, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- CVR Energy, Inc. (NYSE: CVI - News), a refiner and marketer of petroleum fuels and a majority owner of CVR Partners, LP (NYSE:UAN - News), a nitrogen fertilizer producer, ...

==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.746
[3.74, 3.74, 3.75, 3.75, 3.75]

Indianapolis
3.666
[3.59, 3.67, 3.69, 3.69, 3.69]

USA Average
3.69

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
108.93

Brent Prices
126.2

