This file created: February-25 21:06

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
2 US troops shot in Kabul; NATO pulls workers
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP)  A gunman killed two American military advisers with shots to the back of the head Saturday inside a heavily guarded ministry building, and NATO ordered military workers out of Afghan ministries as protests raged for a fifth day over the burning of copies of the Quran at a U.S. army base.

AP IMPACT: New light on drone war's death toll
ISLAMABAD (AP)  American drone strikes inside Pakistan are killing far fewer civilians than many in the country are led to believe, according to a rare on-the-ground investigation by The Associated Press of 10 of the deadliest attacks in the past 18 months.

Down to the wire in 2-man GOP race in Michigan
FLINT, Mich. (AP)  Republican Mitt Romney fought Saturday to prove he is the strongest challenger to President Barack Obama, an increasingly difficult task given the tight race in his native state of Michigan against surging conservative Rick Santorum.

Violence across Syria on eve of constitution vote
DAMASCUS, Syria (AP)  Syria defied international calls to halt attacks on rebel enclaves as at least 89 people were killed nationwide Saturday on the eve of a constitutional referendum that the opposition sees as a ploy by President Bashar Assad's regime.

Pakistan begins demolition of bin Laden's compound
ABBOTTABAD, Pakistan (AP)  Under powerful floodlights and surrounded by rings of soldiers and police, heavy machines began Saturday night to demolish the three-story compound in northwestern Pakistan where Osama bin Laden lived for years and was killed by U.S. commandos last May.

NYPD surveillance of students called 'disgusting'
NEW YORK (AP)  At Columbia University and elsewhere, the fear among students that the New York Police Department might secretly be infiltrating their lives has spread beyond the Muslim student population to others who find the reported tactics "disgusting," as one teenager put it.

Sometimes even Warren Buffett gets it wrong
OMAHA, Neb. (AP)  The Oracle of Omaha earned his nickname  and more than a few billion dollars  by spotting investments that others overlooked, but Warren Buffett makes mistakes.

Mandela, 93, hospitalized with stomach ailment
JOHANNESBURG (AP)  Former South African President Nelson Mandela was hospitalized for a test to determine what is behind an undisclosed stomach ailment, and the country's current leader said the much beloved 93-year-old icon was in no danger.

Patrick wrecks early in Nationwide race at Daytona
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (AP)  Danica Patrick's day started at the front of the pack. It ended with another frustrating wreck.

'Artist' wins best-picture at indie Spirit Awards
SANTA MONICA, California (AP)  "The Artist" won best picture and three other prizes Saturday at the Spirit Awards honoring independent film, a possible prelude to a big night at the Academy Awards for the black-and-white silent movie.

NYPD surveillance of students called 'disgusting'
NEW YORK (AP)  At Columbia University and elsewhere, the fear among students that the New York Police Department might secretly be infiltrating their lives has spread beyond the Muslim student population to others who find the reported tactics "disgusting," as one teenager put it.

WWII vet says nobody helped after he was carjacked
DETROIT (AP)  A World War II veteran said nobody helped him in the minutes after he was attacked and carjacked during daylight at a busy Detroit gas station and he had to crawl across a concrete parking lot to get help.

Man steals fire truck, kills pedestrian in SC
PORT ROYAL, S.C. (AP)  A naked man stole a fire truck at a South Carolina apartment complex and sped away, killing a pedestrian who was walking on a sidewalk, authorities said Saturday.

'Artist' wins best-picture at indie Spirit Awards
SANTA MONICA, California (AP)  "The Artist" won best picture and three other prizes Saturday at the Spirit Awards honoring independent film, a possible prelude to a big night at the Academy Awards for the black-and-white silent movie.

Florida museum auctions off antique cars, carousel
BOCA RATON, Florida (AP)  Two brothers' unique private museum of classic cars, rare musical instruments and other collectibles was emptied Saturday with the final strike of an auctioneer's gavel, bringing in $38.3 million in sales.

Obama: No easy answers to lowering pump prices
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama says there is no easy answer to the problem of rising energy prices and he's dismissing Republican solutions as little more than gimmicks.

US says tax-related ID theft complaints on rise
WASHINGTON (AP)  The U.S. government says the number of identity theft complaints involving tax and wage fraud is soaring even as law enforcement tries to crack down.

Families of dead Marines share memories
SAN DIEGO (AP)  Their hometowns stretched from Connecticut to California. One young man was soon to become a father, another had just gotten engaged. One was a former youth pastor, while another was the son of one.

Man steals fire truck, kills pedestrian in US
PORT ROYAL, South Carolina (AP)  A naked man stole a fire truck at a South Carolina apartment complex and sped away, killing a pedestrian who was walking on a sidewalk, authorities said Saturday.

Violence across Syria on eve of constitution vote
DAMASCUS, Syria (AP)  Syria defied international calls to halt attacks on rebel enclaves as at least 89 people were killed nationwide Saturday on the eve of a constitutional referendum that the opposition sees as a ploy by President Bashar Assad's regime.

Fire at Brazil's Antarctic base kills 2, injures 1
SAO PAULO (AP)  A fire at Brazil's research station in Antarctica on Saturday killed two navy personnel and forced the evacuation by helicopter of 44 people, the Brazilian navy said.

Mandela, 93, hospitalized with stomach ailment
JOHANNESBURG (AP)  Former South African President Nelson Mandela was hospitalized for a test to determine what is behind an undisclosed stomach ailment, and the country's current leader said the much beloved 93-year-old icon was in no danger.

Egypt presses ahead with NGO trial of Americans
CAIRO (AP)  The trial of 16 Americans and 27 others opens Sunday at a Cairo courthouse in what critics say is a politically charged case linked to a government crackdown on nonprofit groups that has touched off the deepest crisis in U.S.-Egyptian relations in decades.

Berlusconi cleared by statute of limitations
MILAN (AP)  Silvio Berlusconi's corruption trial ended Saturday with a court ruling that the statute of limitations had run out, handing the former premier another victory in a long string of judicial challenges.

Chavez's beneficiaries gird for lost aid
LIMA, Peru (AP)  Millions who have never set foot in Venezuela have a stake in the physical and political survival of Hugo Chavez as the once-indefatigable leftist strongman submits to surgery in Cuba for removal of a tumor he says is likely malignant.

2 US troops shot in Kabul; NATO pulls workers
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP)  A gunman killed two American military advisers with shots to the back of the head Saturday inside a heavily guarded ministry building, and NATO ordered military workers out of Afghan ministries as protests raged for a fifth day over the burning of copies of the Quran at a U.S. army base.

Yemen: Car bomb kills 25 in southern city
SANAA, Yemen (AP)  A car bomb outside the gate of a presidential compound in southern Yemen killed at least 25 people hours after the country's new president was formally inaugurated and vowed to fight al-Qaida.

In Tunisia, Clinton cites promise of Arab Spring
TUNIS, Tunisia (AP)  U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on Saturday warned of backsliding in the democratic transformations under way in the Mideast and North Africa, and appealed for countries in the region to fulfill the promise of reform offered by the Arab Spring.

Pakistan begins demolition of bin Laden's compound
ABBOTTABAD, Pakistan (AP)  Under powerful floodlights and surrounded by rings of soldiers and police, heavy machines began Saturday night to demolish the three-story compound in northwestern Pakistan where Osama bin Laden lived for years and was killed by U.S. commandos last May.

Down to the wire in 2-man GOP race in Michigan
FLINT, Mich. (AP)  Republican Mitt Romney fought Saturday to prove he is the strongest challenger to President Barack Obama, an increasingly difficult task given the tight race in his native state of Michigan against surging conservative Rick Santorum.

Republican governors concerned about primary race
WASHINGTON (AP)  Democratic governors are bullish on President Barack Obama's re-election prospects, citing the improving economy and a Republican nominating contest that has exposed deep divisions in the party's base.

Long haul to nomination if Romney loses Michigan
LANSING, Mich. (AP)  Losing the Michigan primary would strip the last of the varnish off the image of Mitt Romney as the inevitable GOP presidential nominee and commit him to the long march he says he's in shape for.

Romney targets Obama, Santorum in Michigan push
LANSING, Mich. (AP)  It's a day full of campaigning for Mitt Romney in Michigan, his native state, as he looks for a victory in Tuesday's GOP presidential primary against surging Rick Santorum.

Santorum sees Tuesday's Michigan vote as winnable
ST. CLAIR SHORES, Mich. (AP)  Republican Rick Santorum says he thinks he can win Tuesday's presidential primary in Michigan and that conservatives shouldn't trust his main rival, Mitt Romney.

Obama: No easy answers to lowering pump prices
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama says there is no easy answer to the problem of rising energy prices and he's dismissing Republican solutions as little more than gimmicks.

FACT CHECK: Gingrich energy ad errs on facts
WASHINGTON (AP)  A 28-minute political ad offers a candidate something sound bites can never capture  a chance to explore a subject in depth.

Study: Candidates' plans lead to huge deficits
WASHINGTON (AP)  Huge tax cuts in the budget plans of Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum would produce the kinds of trillion-dollar-plus deficits that the GOP candidates are blaming on President Barack Obama.

GOP-allied groups see Senate as good bet
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republicans' clear shot at winning control of the Senate is attracting tens of millions of dollars from GOP-allied outside groups eager to spend on a surer bet than a White House race with a resurgent President Barack Obama and an unsettled GOP field.

Gingrich: Washington same-sex law the 'right way'
OLYMPIA, Wash. (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich declined Friday to outright reject a new law legalizing same-sex marriage in Washington state, saying if it is approved by voters it will at least be enacted "the right way."

Sometimes even Warren Buffett gets it wrong
OMAHA, Neb. (AP)  The Oracle of Omaha earned his nickname  and more than a few billion dollars  by spotting investments that others overlooked, but Warren Buffett makes mistakes.

Europe tops G-20 finance meeting in Mexico
MEXICO CITY (AP)  Concerns about Europe's sovereign debt crisis topped the agenda Saturday at the meeting in Mexico City of G-20 finance ministers, with financial sector leaders praising Greece's offer to repay bondholders at a steep discount, while others cautioned Greece will get no more money if it doesn't make structural reforms.

Berlusconi cleared by statute of limitations
MILAN (AP)  Silvio Berlusconi's corruption trial ended Saturday with a court ruling that the statute of limitations had run out, handing the former premier another victory in a long string of judicial challenges.

Buffett says he was 'dead wrong' on housing market
OMAHA, Nebraska (AP)  Billionaire investor Warren Buffett said Saturday that he was "dead wrong" with a prediction that the U.S. housing market would begin to recover by now, but he remains optimistic about the nation's economy.

Thousands of trade unionists demonstrate in Tunis
TUNIS, Tunisia (AP)  More than 4,000 members of Tunisia's main trade union marched through the center of the capital on Saturday to denounce the Islamist-led government. Police fired tear gas to disperse the protest after it exceeded its time limit.

US says tax-related ID theft complaints on rise
WASHINGTON (AP)  The U.S. government says the number of identity theft complaints involving tax and wage fraud is soaring even as law enforcement tries to crack down.

Obama: No easy answers to lowering pump prices
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama says there is no easy answer to the problem of rising energy prices and he's dismissing Republican solutions as little more than gimmicks.

Buffett's Berkshire posts 30 pct drop in earnings
OMAHA, Nebraska (AP)  A drop in the paper value of the financial instruments known as derivatives hurt profits at Berkshire Hathaway Inc., the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett.

Buffett says he was 'dead wrong' on housing market
OMAHA, Nebraska (AP)  Billionaire investor Warren Buffett said Saturday that he was "dead wrong" with a prediction that the U.S. housing market would begin to recover by now, but he remains optimistic about the nation's economy.

Greek farmers offload crops at cost price
KATERINI, Greece (AP)  Hammered by the financial crisis that has led to ever diminishing income, a group of residents in northern Greece have joined forces with potato farmers to slash consumer prices and ensure producers can get their crop to markets by cutting out the middle man.

Kodak _ and film _ saying goodbye to the Oscars
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Each year at the Oscars ceremony, Hollywood says goodbye to stars and filmmakers who've died. This year, the award show will bid adieu to the Kodak Theatre.

Judge awards iPhone user $850 in throttling case
SIMI VALLEY, Calif. (AP)  When AT&T started slowing down the data service for his iPhone, Matt Spaccarelli, an unemployed truck driver and student, took the country's largest telecommunications company to small claims court. And won.

Ohio man given choice of Facebook apology or jail
CINCINNATI (AP)  A man who was threatened with jail time for posting comments about his estranged wife on his personal Facebook page unless he posted daily apologies for a month says the court ruling violates his freedom of speech.

Study: We're getting less friendly on Facebook
CHICAGO (AP)  Whether it's pruning friends lists, removing unwanted comments or restricting access to their profiles, Americans are getting more privacy-savvy on social networks, a new report found.

Bazaarvoice, Proto Labs surge in market debuts
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A splashy Wall Street debut by Bazaarvoice Inc. and Proto Labs Inc. is the latest sign that investor appetite for initial public offerings has rebounded after a dismal IPO market in 2011.

Apple Germany disables push email service
BERLIN (AP)  Apple says it has disabled the push email function for its mobile devices in Germany in an ongoing patent dispute with rival Motorola.

Company claiming iPad trademark sues Apple in US
SHANGHAI (AP)  Apple Inc. is facing yet another challenge to its use of the iPad trademark in China  this time in a court in California.

Google to sell Clearwire stake at 94 percent loss
NEW YORK (AP)  Google Inc. on Friday said it will sell its stake in Clearwire Corp., the struggling operator of a wireless data network. The search company is taking a 94 percent loss on the originally $500 million investment made in 2008.

Tough times for HP ahead; will investors wait?
NEW YORK (AP)  Hewlett-Packard Co. plans to spend years turning itself around as it addresses internal problems and battles broader threats from smartphones and tablet computers.

Apple CEO hints company will part with some cash
CUPERTINO, California (AP)  Apple CEO Tim Cook says he believes the world's most valuable company has more money than it needs. His next challenge is to figure out whether Apple should break from the cash-hoarding ways of his predecessor, the late Steve Jobs, and dip into its $98 billion bank account to pay shareholders a dividend this year.

GOP voters confused? Experts say give them a break
NEW YORK (AP)  Romney? Gingrich? Santorum? The Republican race for the presidential nomination is like a game of musical chairs. It makes you wonder what's going on in the heads of voters as they cast their primary ballots.

Pa. woman: Chemicals in my water in drilling area
EVANS CITY, Pa. (AP)  A woman says state environmental officials refused to do follow-up tests after their lab reported her drinking water contained chemicals, but it's unclear where the pollutants came from.

Tornado season looms, but forecasting a challenge
WASHINGTON (AP)  Tornado season is starting, but don't ask meteorologists how bad it will be this spring and summer.

Navy launches new communications satellite
CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida (AP)  The Navy has launched a new communications satellite after two weather-related cancellations last week.

Venus, Jupiter, moon offer dazzling night show
CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida (AP)  Stargazers of the world are getting a treat this weekend.

Scientist admits taking, leaking think-tank papers
WASHINGTON (AP)  In the field of climate science, when someone  especially skeptics  did something ethically questionable or misrepresented facts, scientist Peter Gleick was usually among the first and loudest to cry foul. He chaired a prominent scientific society's ethics committee. He created an award for what he considered lies about global warming.

Pioneering molecular biologist Roy J. Britten dies
PASADENA, Calif. (AP)  Roy J. Britten, a pioneering molecular biologist who discovered the crucial fact that humans and animals have multiple copies of some DNA segments, has died. He was 92.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
The Gory Details on Newfield Exploration's Double Fumble


German tax collectors volunteer for duty in Greece


SM Energy Beats on EPS, but GAAP Results Lag


EXCO Resources' CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - EXCO Resources' CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Linn Energy: A Long-Term Independent Oil And Gas Dividend Play


GeoGlobal to Close Private Placement Transaction
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - GeoGlobal Resources Inc. today announced that it has entered into subscription agreements to sell up to an aggregate of 2,500,000 units to accredited investors or outside the United ...

Anadarko Wins Court Ruling Excluding Evidence in BP Spill Trial Next Week


RANGE ANNOUNCES PRICING OF SENIOR SUBORDINATED NOTES
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - FORT WORTH, TEXAS, FEBRUARY 24, 2012 RANGE RESOURCES CORPORATION (NYSE: RRC - News) announced today that it has priced at par an offering of $600 million aggregate principal amount of senior subordinated notes ...

SM Energy Tops Consensus


Chesapeake Puts Permian Field on the Block


New Unconventional ETF
[at Investopedia] - Theres a new ETF focused on fracking for natural gas and oil, and offers investors, but it may not be the best way to play the sector. Yet.

Chesapeake offering Permian assets up for sale, WSJ reports


Top 10 Energy Stocks: Devon Energy


Dan Dicker: Iran Could Lead to $7-Per-Gallon Gas


Forest Oil Misses as Vol Shrinks


Is Chesapeake Energy Dead Money?


Royale Energy: USGS assessment of 'up to 2B' barrels of oil in North Slope


USGS Assessment of Up to 2 Billion Barrels of Oil Potential in North Slope Shale
[GlobeNewswire] - SAN DIEGO -- Royale Energy, Inc. reports that, for the first time, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) has estimated the potential of undiscovered onshore shale oil and gas reserve resources in Alaska's ...

Exco may sign deals to fund gas drilling


TEXT-S&P rates Range Resources notes


UPDATE 3-Thai PTT trumps Shell with $1.8 bln bid for Cove


[$$] Two Dead After Antarctica Fire


Exxon Mobil sees a $37B per year investment profile for next several years


Is BP a Buffett Stock?


[$$] Sanctions Push Angola to Abandon Iran Project


[$$] Exxon to Spend at Record Level in Coming Years


UPDATE 2-Exxon expects annual investment of $37 bln a year


Preview-US top court to hear corporate human rights case


Final Glance: Oil companies


Transocean Moves Earnings to BP Oil Spill Trial D-Day


Encana and Mitsubishi complete partnership agreement for development of Cutbank Ridge undeveloped lands in B.C.
[Business Wire] - Encana Corporation has completed the announced Cutbank Ridge Partnership agreement with Mitsubishi Corporation. On February 17, 2012, Encana announced an agreement with Mitsubishi that sees the Japanese global integrated business enterprise invest approximately C$2.9 billion for a 40 percent interest in the Cutbank Ridge Partnership.

UPDATE 1-Exxon expects annual investment of $37 bln a year


U.S. Crude Stocks Gain, Fuels Drop


GLOBAL MARKETS-Brent oil over $125; S&P 500 ends at 4-year high


$6 Gas, the Strait of Hormuz, and Wiffle Ball


Oil: What You Should Know


GP Strategies Completes Construction of Largest Public LNG Station in Louisiana
[PR Newswire] - ELKRIDGE, Md., Feb. 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- GP Strategies Corporation (NYSE: GPX - News), a global performance improvement solutions provider, today announced that its Alternative Fuels business unit completed ...

YPF, Argentina Oil Companies Must Boost Crude Production by 15%


Transocean Upgraded to Neutral


[$$] Statoil, Exxon Say Tanzania Offshore Gas Find Is Big


Chevron Confirms First Production from Usan Deepwater Field
[Business Wire] - Chevron Corporation through its Nigerian subsidiary Chevron Nigeria Limited today confirmed first production from the deepwater offshore Usan project in Nigeria.

Midday Glance: Oil companies


Concho Resources' Earnings Beat Last Year's by 53%


W&T Offshore Crushes Estimates


SandRidge Energy Succeeds in 2011


[$$] SEC Charges Noble Ex-CEO in Nigeria Bribe Investigation


Pa. woman: Chemicals in my water in drilling area


Transocean Moves Earnings to BP Oil Spill Trial D-Day


Statoil To Benefit From Brent Crude Price Rise


SEC charges former Noble chief over alleged bribes
[at Financial Times] - The former chief executive of Swiss offshore oil driller Noble and two others have been sued by US regulators for allegedly participating in the payment of hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes to ...

SEC charges ex-Noble CEO, 2 others with bribery


Transocean Ltd. Announces Revision to Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Release and Conference Call Date
[Marketwire] - ZUG, SWITZERLAND-- - Transocean Ltd. said it plans to report earnings for the three months and the full year ended December 31, 2011 before trading opens on the NYSE Monday, February 27, 2012.The company ...

BPZ Energy to Host Fourth Quarter and Year End 2011 Earnings Call
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- BPZ Energy, (BVL:BPZ - News), an independent oil and gas exploration and production company, today announced it will host a conference call and webcast to discuss fourth quarter and year-end 2011 financial ...

Recent Performance Review Of 7 Canadian Oil & Gas Equities Traded In The U.S.


Anadarko Wins Court Ruling Excluding Evidence in BP Spill Trial Next Week


W&T Offshore Shares Popped: What You Need to Know


Quis Custodiet Ipsos Custodes?


W. Pa. tests: Chemicals in drilling area water


4 'Bad' Energy Companies That Make for Good Trades


Transocean Upgraded to Neutral


UPDATE 1-US charges former, current Noble execs over bribes


EV Energy Partners Schedules 4th Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call on Wednesday, February 29, 2012 at 5:00pm ET
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - EV Energy Partners, L.P. today announced plans to release 2011 fourth quarter and full year results on Wednesday February 29, 2012 after market close. In conjunction with the release, EV ...

SEC charges former and current Noble executives on bribes
[Reuters] - Securities regulators on Friday charged three current and former executives for oil services company Noble Corp with participating in a bribery scheme to obtain permits for oil rigs in Nigeria. The Securities ...

US charges former, current Noble execs on bribes


Top 10 Energy Stocks: CARBO Ceramics


Superior Energy Services Beats Estimates on Top and Bottom Lines


Exterran Partners' Earnings Beat Last Year's by 267%


BP Plans for $1.73 Billion Legal Bill, Financial Times Reports


Oil States' CEO Present at Credit Suisse Energy Summit Conference (Transcript)
[at Seeking Alpha] - Oil States' CEO Present at Credit Suisse Energy Summit Conference (Transcript)

Superior Energy Services' CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Superior Energy Services' CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Energy XXI Announces Exchange of 5.625% Preferred Stock
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Energy XXI today announced the closing of exchange agreements (the "Exchange Agreements") with holders of the company's 5.625% Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 ...

4 Oilfield Service Stars Shining Brightly


Weekly US oil, gas rig count down 13 to 1,981


Tesco Shares Popped: What You Need to Know


Mild weekend weather pressures U.S. spot natgas


Why I Bought This $3 Stock That Is 50% Below Consensus Price Targets


Tesco says aftermarket revenue should continue to improve


Superior Energy Services sees 1st-qtr profit below estimates


Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross - WFT


LUFK Ex-Dividend Reminder - 2/28/12


OII Ex-Dividend Reminder - 2/28/12


UPDATE 1-US natural gas slides 3 pct early, weather weighs


NATURAL GAS SERVICES GROUP ANNOUNCES ITS FOURTH QUARTER 2011 EARNINGS CALL
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - NATURAL GAS SERVICES GROUP ANNOUNCES ITS FOURTH QUARTER 2011 EARNINGS CALL Midland, Texas, February 24, 2012 - Natural Gas Services Group, Inc. (NYSE:NGS - News), a leading provider of gas compression equipment ...

US natural gas edges lower early, weather weighs


ONEOK Partners Beats Analyst Estimates on EPS


Plains All American Pipeline Comments on Fire at Basile Gas Processing Plant
[Business Wire] - Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. subsidiary Plains Gas Solutions experienced a fire this afternoon at its Basile gas processing facility located near Eunice, La. One employee was injured and is in stable condition at an area hospital.

El Paso Sells Divisions to Apollo-Led Group for $7.15 Billion


El Paso Corp. to sell oil, gas assets for $7.15B


Apollo agrees $7.2bn deal for El Paso unit
[at Financial Times] - A group led by Apollo Global Management, the private equity group, has agreed a deal for El Paso Corp's oil and gas exploration unit for $7.15bn.

[video] No Huddle Offense: Don't Buy Corporate Bonds
[at CNBC] - Mad Money host Jim Cramer explains how in a low rate environment, some investors turn to corporate bonds in a rush for yield, and fail to recognize the fundamental ability of companies to reinvent themselves ...

Fire at Louisiana Natural-Gas Plant Is Under Control, KATC says


[$$] El Paso to Sell Production Business for $7.15 Billion


Apollo Global-Led Group Agrees to Buy El Pasos Oil Unit for $7.15 Billion


El Paso to Sell Exploration and Production Company
[Business Wire] - El Paso Corporation today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its exploration and production business, EP Energy Corporation , for approximately $7.15 billion to affiliates of Apollo Global Management, LLC and Riverstone Holdings, LLC, who are joined by Access Industries, Inc.

UPDATE 1-Fire at CDM Max natgas plant in Louisiana - police


El Paso Pipeline Partners to Release 2011 Results on February 27, 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - El Paso Pipeline Partners, L.P. will release fourth quarter 2011 and full-year 2011 financial and operational results before the market opens on Monday, February 27, 2012. Detailed financial ...

El Paso Corporation to Release 2011 Results on February 27, 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - El Paso Corporation will release fourth quarter 2011 and full-year 2011 financial and operational results before the market opens on Monday, February 27, 2012. Detailed financial and operational ...

2 Dividend Picks from Billionaire Leon Cooperman


Energy Transfer Partners At A Crossroad: Proceed With Caution


Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. Filed Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission
[Business Wire] - Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. announced today that the Partnership filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2012.

The Morning Leverage: Private Equity Responds To Shipping's Distress Call


Williams Companies Goes Negative


Report: El Paso Eyes $7B Sale of Unit to Apollo-Led Group


Cheniere Energy Partners Reports Fourth Quarter and YE 2011 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, Feb. 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- For the quarter and year ended December 31, 2011, Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. ("Cheniere Partners") (NYSE Amex: CQP) reported a net loss of $7.5 million ...

Copano Energy 2011 Schedule K-1s Available
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, Feb. 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Copano Energy, L.L.C. (NASDAQ: CPNO - News) announced today that it has completed the 2011 tax packages for its unitholders, including Schedule K-1s. The tax packages are ...

Apollo Group Said to Be Near Deal to Buy El Paso Oil Unit for $7 Billion


California Gasoline Jumps on Unplanned Work at Valero, BP Plants


World Fuel Services Shares Plunged: What You Need to Know


Tesoro Poised at Neutral


Universal Bioenergy Announces Record Sales of $71.74 Million For 2011 -- Achieves 73.75% in Annual Growth
[GlobeNewswire] - IRVINE, Calif. -- Universal Bioenergy Inc., (Pink Sheets:UBRG), a publicly traded independent diversified energy company, announced today that it set a new all time peak and a new record in sales revenue ...

Refining Stocks: A Cheap Way To Play The Oil Sector


Hess Still Has 35% More To Surge, Outperforming Exxon


U.S. House sets date to discuss Northeastern refinery closures


Icahn Gets Creative on CVR Energy Bid


Valero Energy Corporation Board of Directors Elects New Member
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - SAN ANTONIO, Feb. 24, 2012 - Valero Energy Corporation (NYSE: VLO - News) announced today that Philip J. Pfeiffer has been elected to the company`s board of directors, bringing the number of directors to 12. ...

Newfield Exploration Company Gets Oily In 2012


World Fuel Services Increases Sales but Misses Revenue Estimate


Cash Dividend On The Way From Alon USA Energy Inc (ALJ)


Universal Bioenergy's NDR Energy Group in Advanced Negotiations for Joint Venture for Gas Storage Services


RedChip Research Issues Research Update on Longwei Petroleum
[GlobeNewswire] - ORLANDO, Fla. -- RedChip ResearchTM, a division of RedChip Companies, Inc., today announced it has issued a research update on Longwei Petroleum Investment Holding, Ltd. (NYSE Amex:LPH), a diesel, gasoline, ...

Marathon Petroleum Corporation Urges Shareholders to Reject Tender Offer by TRC Capital Corporation
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - FINDLAY, Ohio, Feb. 24, 2012 - Marathon Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: MPC - News) has received notification of an unsolicited mini-tender offer by TRC Capital Corporation (TRC Capital) to purchase up to 2,000,000 ...

Western Refining's Management Present at Credit Suisse Energy Summit Conference (Transcript)
[at Seeking Alpha] - Western Refining's Management Present at Credit Suisse Energy Summit Conference (Transcript)

Sunoco, Inc. (SUN)


Tesoro to shut Wash. refinery units for repair-filing


Los Angeles Gasoline Rises After California Fuel Supply Drops


Valero Restarting Units at Wilimington Refinery, Spokesman Says


World Fuel Services Corporation Reports Record Full Year Net Income
[Business Wire] - World Fuel Services Corporation , a leading global fuel logistics company, principally engaged in the marketing, sale and distribution of aviation, marine and land fuel products and related services, today reported full year net income of $194.0 million or $2.71 diluted earnings per share compared to $146.9 million or $2.31 diluted earnings per share in 2010.

CVR Partners' Future In Limbo


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.648
[3.64, 3.65, 3.65, 3.65, 3.65]

Indianapolis
3.586
[3.58, 3.58, 3.59, 3.59, 3.59]

USA Average
3.64

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
109.62

Brent Prices
125.44

