This file created: March-27 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Justices signal deep trouble for health care law
WASHINGTON (AP)  The fate of President Barack Obama's health care overhaul was cast into deeper jeopardy Tuesday as the Supreme Court's conservative justices sharply and repeatedly questioned its core requirement that virtually every American carry insurance. The court will now take up whether any remnant of the historic law can survive if that linchpin fails.

JetBlue captain: 'They're going to take us down'
LAS VEGAS (AP)  Passengers onboard a JetBlue flight bound for Las Vegas on Tuesday tackled and restrained the plane's captain after he was locked out of the cockpit by crew members, screamed 'they're going to take us down' and ranted about al-Qaida and a possible bomb onboard, passengers said.

Syria accepts peace plan but clashes continue
QAA, Lebanon (AP)  Syria accepted a cease-fire drawn up by U.N. envoy Kofi Annan on Tuesday, but the diplomatic breakthrough was swiftly overshadowed by intense clashes between government soldiers and rebels that sent bullets flying into Lebanon.

Trayvon Martin's parents go to Capitol Hill
WASHINGTON (AP)  In a packed forum on Capitol Hill on Tuesday, the parents of Trayvon Martin found support among members of Congress who turned the death of their 17-year-old's son into a rallying cry against racial profiling.

Pope prays for freedom, 'renewal' in Cuba
HAVANA (AP)  Pope Benedict XVI prayed for freedom and renewal "for the greater good of all Cubans" before the nation's patron saint Tuesday, but the island's communist leaders quickly rejected the Roman Catholic leader's appeal for political change after five decades of one-party rule.

Veggie mandates? Justices ask how far gov't can go
WASHINGTON (AP)  It boiled down to a debate over broccoli. And bread. And burial plots. If government can tell people to buy health insurance, Supreme Court justices wanted to know, what else could it make them buy?

Tighter security for SAT, ACT in wake of cheating
MINEOLA, N.Y. (AP)  The millions of students who take the SAT or ACT each year will have to submit photos of themselves when they sign up for the college entrance exams, under a host of new security measures announced Tuesday in the aftermath of a major cheating scandal on Long Island.

Virginia man injured in gun accident gets new face
BALTIMORE (AP)  After 15 years of wearing a mask and living as a recluse, a 37-year-old Virginia man disfigured in a gun accident got a new face, nose, teeth and jaw in what University of Maryland physicians say is the most extensive face transplant ever performed.

Kate Winslet, James Cameron at Titanic 3D premiere
LONDON (AP)  Actress Kate Winslet and director James Cameron walked the red carpet in London on Tuesday for the premiere of the 3D version of the hit movie "Titanic."

Payton seeks Parcells' counsel about Saints' plan
PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP)  Sean Payton has planned the New Orleans Saints' offseason, done some work on the upcoming draft and jotted down ideas for the start of training camp.

Memo: Philly parish misled about pastor's leave
PHILADELPHIA (AP)  Prosecutors read dozens of confidential church documents aloud in court Tuesday to try to prove the Philadelphia archdiocese routinely buried complaints that priests were molesting children.

Colo. wildfire could be linked to controlled burn
CONIFER, Colo. (AP)  Investigators on Tuesday were trying to determine whether a routine controlled burn last week, designed to minimize wildfire risk, reignited and became a stubborn mountain wildfire that forced hundreds of residents to flee their homes, destroyed at least 23 structures and may have caused the deaths of two people.

Justices signal deep trouble for health care law
WASHINGTON (AP)  The fate of President Barack Obama's health care overhaul was cast into deeper jeopardy Tuesday as the Supreme Court's conservative justices sharply and repeatedly questioned its core requirement that virtually every American carry insurance. The court will now take up whether any remnant of the historic law can survive if that linchpin fails.

Gay-marriage foes sought to split gays and blacks
The leading national organization opposing same-sex marriage has sought to split the Democratic Party base by pitting African-Americans and Hispanics against gay-rights groups, according to confidential strategy memos made public by court officials in Maine.

US consumers hold onto rosy outlook  in March
NEW YORK (AP)  Americans are holding onto a rosier view of the U.S. economy as they focus on the good in a flood of mixed economic news.

If Microsoft co-founder's ID isn't safe, is yours?
PHILADELPHIA (AP)  Even the billionaire co-founder of Microsoft isn't immune to identity theft, it seems.

JetBlue captain: 'They're going to take us down'
LAS VEGAS (AP)  Passengers onboard a JetBlue flight bound for Las Vegas on Tuesday tackled and restrained the plane's captain after he was locked out of the cockpit by crew members, screamed 'they're going to take us down' and ranted about al-Qaida and a possible bomb onboard, passengers said.

Police investigated Trayvon Martin over jewelry
SANFORD, Fla. (AP)  Women's jewelry and a watch found in Trayvon Martin's school backpack last fall could not be tied to any reported thefts, the Miami-Dade Police Department said Tuesday.

Ex-doc dumps abortion files in Kan. recycling bin
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP)  A former Kansas abortion provider isn't likely to face criminal charges for discarding hundreds of patients' private medical records in a recycling bin outside an elementary school, but anti-abortion lawmakers called Tuesday for the state Legislature to investigate.

Panetta: War strategy can't be guided by polls
OTTAWA, Ontario (AP)  The war in Afghanistan can't be determined by polls, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Tuesday, asserting that the U.S. must continue with its strategy in the decade-old conflict despite plummeting American confidence in the war.

Bloc puts peacekeepers on standby after Mali coup
BAMAKO, Mali (AP)  The body representing nations in western Africa has suspended Mali and has put a peacekeeping force on standby in the most direct threat yet to the junta that seized control in a military coup last week.

Syria accepts peace plan but clashes continue
QAA, Lebanon (AP)  Syria accepted a cease-fire drawn up by U.N. envoy Kofi Annan on Tuesday, but the diplomatic breakthrough was swiftly overshadowed by intense clashes between government soldiers and rebels that sent bullets flying into Lebanon.

Former Israeli defense chief seeks premiership
JERUSALEM (AP)  Israel's Iranian-born former military chief and defense minister Shaul Mofaz has been waiting more than three years for another chance to take the helm of the centrist Kadima Party.

Pope prays for freedom, 'renewal' in Cuba
HAVANA (AP)  Pope Benedict XVI prayed for freedom and renewal "for the greater good of all Cubans" before the nation's patron saint Tuesday, but the island's communist leaders quickly rejected the Roman Catholic leader's appeal for political change after five decades of one-party rule.

Mexican candidate accuses rivals of wiretapping
MEXICO CITY (AP)  The campaign of conservative presidential candidate Josefina Vazquez Mota charged Tuesday that the rival Institutional Revolutionary Party makes regular use of wiretaps, like the one in which she is purportedly heard accusing Mexico's top cop of spying on her.

Egypt Brotherhood conflicted over presidential run
CAIRO (AP)  Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood has postponed an open confrontation with the country's military rulers and other political players Tuesday when it delayed a decision about whether to field a candidate for the first presidential elections since the ouster of Hosni Mubarak.

Boy beaten near Paris Jewish school amid tensions
PARIS (AP)  A 12-year-old boy was beaten outside his Jewish school in Paris by youths reciting anti-Semitic slogans, school officials said, amid high security and tensions in France following killings of Jewish children and a rabbi last week.

Jamaica protesters call for end to police killings
KINGSTON, Jamaica (AP)  Elaine Wilson's voice rose in anger Tuesday as she described a police shooting in her impoverished community that she claims killed her 45-year-old sister almost two weeks ago.

Cuba dissidents concerned for mystery protester
SANTIAGO, Cuba (AP)  Leading Cuban dissidents say they don't know the man who shouted anti-government slogans before Pope Benedict XVI's Mass in the eastern city of Santiago. Nor do they know his whereabouts a day after security agents removed him from the ceremony.

At least 50 killed in south Libyan tribal clashes
TRIPOLI, Libya (AP)  A Libyan health official said Tuesday that at least 50 people have been killed in two days of tribal clashes in southern Libya  on the same day that another official was reported kidnapped in the north.

Romney's fundraisers are quietly amassing millions
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney's presidential fundraising operation dwarfs those of his Republican rivals, with more than $75 million already in donations. It also operates mysteriously at times, withholding the names of Romney's major fundraisers who have helped amass much of its money.

Santorum looks to deny Romney a win by any means
WASHINGTON (AP)  Rick Santorum, showing signs of fatigue and frustration while grasping for strategies to right his unsteady White House bid, is trying to derail Republican front-runner Mitt Romney using any means available  even contradictory messages.

Gingrich pledges to support GOP rival Mitt Romney
ANNAPOLIS, Md. (AP)  Under pressure to help unify his party, Republican presidential hopeful Newt Gingrich pledged Tuesday to support Mitt Romney if the former Massachusetts governor wins enough convention delegates to clinch the nomination by the end of the GOP primary season in June.

Top Obama donors among frequent White House guests
WASHINGTON (AP)  More than half of President Barack Obama's most generous campaign fundraisers have visited the White House at least once for meetings with top advisers, holiday parties or state dinners, according to a review by The Associated Press. Scores made multiple visits.

Romney trumpets rush of conservative endorsements
SAN DIEGO (AP)  Mitt Romney trumpeted a flurry of conservative endorsements along with backing Monday from a delegate who belonged to campaign dropout Jon Huntsman as he looks to wrap up the GOP presidential nomination.

Arizona legislators again say yes to free tickets
PHOENIX (AP)  It's been a year since the Fiesta Bowl scandal embarrassed legislators, but at least some Arizona lawmakers still like their perks.

Justices signal deep trouble for health care law
WASHINGTON (AP)  The fate of President Barack Obama's health care overhaul was cast into deeper jeopardy Tuesday as the Supreme Court's conservative justices sharply and repeatedly questioned its core requirement that virtually every American carry insurance. The court will now take up whether any remnant of the historic law can survive if that linchpin fails.

Obama says he's not 'hiding the ball' on Russia
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  Speaking to the microphones intentionally this time, President Barack Obama on Tuesday assured he had no hidden agenda with Russia for a second term, seeking to contain a controversial gaffe that bounded all the way to the campaign trail at home and back again.

Tough Republican budget likely to go back on shelf
WASHINGTON (AP)  The most powerful prescriptions of a tough House GOP budget plan, like a dramatic restructuring of Medicare and big cuts to domestic programs such as Medicaid, food stamps and transportation appear destined to go back on the shelf almost as soon as the measure is passed this week.

Idaho won't require ultrasound before abortion
BOISE, Idaho (AP)  Idaho's Republican-controlled Legislature is backing away from a bill requiring women seeking an abortion to get an ultrasound first, capping weeks of Capitol demonstrations, a live Senate ultrasound exhibition on pregnant women and threats against at least one lawmaker.

How the Consumer Confidence Index is figured
NEW YORK (AP)  The Consumer Confidence Index is released each month by the Conference Board, a private research group. It is based on a survey of five questions that haven't changed since the index started in 1967.

US consumers hold onto rosy outlook  in March
NEW YORK (AP)  Americans are holding onto a rosier view of the U.S. economy as they focus on the good in a flood of mixed economic news.

Justices signal deep trouble for health care law
WASHINGTON (AP)  The fate of President Barack Obama's health care overhaul was cast into deeper jeopardy Tuesday as the Supreme Court's conservative justices sharply and repeatedly questioned its core requirement that virtually every American carry insurance. The court will now take up whether any remnant of the historic law can survive if that linchpin fails.

FTC seeks law to shed more light on data brokers
NEW YORK (AP)  The Federal Trade Commission is calling for a new law that would allow people to review the vast amounts of information being collected about them as the Internet, smartphones and other technology make it easier to create digital dossiers of just about anyone's life.

Bernanke says US unemployment could stay high
WASHINGTON (AP)  Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke says that without faster economic growth, it could take "a few more years" for U.S. unemployment to decline to a normal rate.

JetBlue captain: 'They're going to take us down'
LAS VEGAS (AP)  Passengers onboard a JetBlue flight bound for Las Vegas on Tuesday tackled and restrained the plane's captain after he was locked out of the cockpit by crew members, screamed 'they're going to take us down' and ranted about al-Qaida and a possible bomb onboard, passengers said.

Stocks edge lower after consumer confidence report
NEW YORK (AP)  Major stock indexes dipped Tuesday as weak readings on consumer confidence gave investors little reason to extend the recent rally.

Home prices fell in January in most US cities
WASHINGTON (AP)  Home prices fell in January for a fifth straight month in most major U.S. cities, as modest sales increases have yet to boost prices.

Harry Potter breaks e-book lockdown
NEW YORK (AP)  When the Harry Potter books finally went on sale in electronic form on Tuesday, it was as if Harry himself had cast the "Alohomora" spell on them  the one that unlocks doors.

Detroit seeks answers to long-term debt problems
DETROIT (AP)  Faced with a mountain of debt and burdensome union contracts, Detroit's financial predicament appears similar to the one General Motors and Chrysler confronted during the economic meltdown. However, while the motor companies received a bailout, the Motor City likely will not.

Harry Potter breaks e-book lockdown
NEW YORK (AP)  When the Harry Potter books finally went on sale in electronic form on Tuesday, it was as if Harry himself had cast the "Alohomora" spell on them  the one that unlocks doors.

Govt IDs more airwaves for commercial wireless
NEW YORK (AP)  The federal government wants to alleviate data congestion on smartphones and other mobile devices by asking the Defense Department, NASA and other agencies to switch to new locations on the airwaves or share their existing frequencies with commercial networks.

Wikipedia founder: Public needs online references
LAGOS, Nigeria (AP)  The man who helped create the online reference Wikipedia said Tuesday that the end of Encyclopaedia Britannica's print run shows the world's growing reliance on the Internet as a base for knowledge.

FTC, RockYou settle over exposed email passwords
NEW YORK (AP)  The Federal Trade Commission says that an online game site called RockYou has reached a settlement with the government over a hacking attack that exposed email addresses and passwords from 32 million users.

FTC seeks law to shed more light on data brokers
NEW YORK (AP)  The Federal Trade Commission is calling for a new law that would allow people to review the vast amounts of information being collected about them as the Internet, smartphones and other technology make it easier to create digital dossiers of just about anyone's life.

Taiwan police: Woman kills self while on Facebook
TAIPEI, Taiwan (AP)  A woman in Taiwan killed herself by inhaling poisonous fumes while chatting with friends on Facebook and none of them alerted authorities, police said Tuesday.

Amazon announces new Indiana distribution center
JEFFERSONVILLE, Ind. (AP)  Amazon.com Inc. announced plans Tuesday for a $150 million warehouse and distribution center in southern Indiana after state officials gave the online retailer two more years before it has to start collecting sales taxes from customers.

Hon Hai buying 10 percent stake in Sharp for $806M
Taiwan electronics manufacturer Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. is taking a 10 percent stake in struggling Japanese electronics company Sharp Corp. for about $806 million.

Harvard emails show Zuckerberg's business side
NEW YORK (AP)  Emails from Mark Zuckerberg's Harvard days show the dropout-turned-Facebook CEO as a young entrepreneur losing patience with a client's delayed payments.

Australia bans Chinese company from Web network
CANBERRA, Australia (AP)  Australia has banned Chinese technology giant Huawei from bidding to help build a nationwide high-speed Internet network due to concern about cyber attacks traced to China.

Cameron: Earth's deepest spot desolate, foreboding
WASHINGTON (AP)  In James Cameron's fantasy films, like "Avatar" and "The Abyss," the unexplored is splashed in color and fraught with alien danger. But on his dive to the deepest place on Earth, reality proved far different: white, barren and bland.

Report: Oil spill culprit for heavy toll on coral
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  After months of laboratory work, scientists say they can definitively finger oil from BP's blown-out well as the culprit for the slow death of a once brightly colored deep-sea coral community in the Gulf of Mexico that is now brown and dull.

Minor adjustment coming to hurricane wind scale
MIAMI (AP)  Government forecasters are making minor changes to several of the categories in the system for describing hurricane strength.

Space junk misses station astronauts
WASHINGTON (AP)  A discarded chunk of a Russian rocket missed the International Space Station early Saturday. However, it came close enough to force six astronauts to seek shelter in escape capsules.

Research monkey importer facing cruelty charges
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Jurors saw images of wide-eyed little monkeys inside crates as an importer of research monkeys went on trial Monday on cruelty charges after 15 primates died during a series of international flights.

NASA launches suborbital rockets from Virginia
NORFOLK, Va. (AP)  Milky white chemical clouds were briefly visible in much of the night sky along the Eastern seaboard on Tuesday after NASA launched a series of rockets to study the jet stream at the edge of the earth's atmosphere.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Sunpeaks Ventures Announces Initial Cable Station Lineup for National Clotamin Advertising Campaign


BP to lease future drilling land in northeast Ohio


Newfield Focused on Oil After First Gas Drilling Halt, CEO Says


NYSE stocks posting largest volume increases


Sandridge Energy's Key Question: Can It Bolster Its Cash Flow?


PENNVIRGINIA/BRIEF (URGENT)


Newfield Provides First Quarter 2012 Conference Call Information
[PR Newswire] - THE WOODLANDS, Texas, March 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Newfield Exploration Company (NYSE: NFX - News) will host its first quarter 2012 earnings conference call at 8:30 a.m. (CDT), Wednesday, April 25, 2012. Earnings ...

Pembina Pipeline Corporation and Provident Energy Ltd. Shareholders Approve Matters Related to Proposed Acquisition and Provident Obtains Final Court of Queen's Bench (Alberta) Approval


Pembina Pipeline Corporation and Provident Energy Ltd. Shareholders Approve Matters Related to Proposed Acquisition and Provident Obtains Final Court of Queen's Bench (Alberta) Approval
[PR Newswire] - CALGARY, March 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ - Pembina Pipeline Corporation ("Pembina") and Provident Energy Ltd. ("Provident") are pleased to announce that the holders of common shares of ...

Chesapeake Looks To Lower Debt, Ride Growth To $35


The Safe Way To Invest In Some Of The Most Exciting Oil Finds


Hot US corporate bond market smashes records again


EOG Resources Is A Solid 'Buy' Candidate


Bearish on Ultra Petroleum's Future


TEXT-S&P revises GMX Resources CCR to 'CCC+'


US natural gas prices at 10-year low
[at Financial Times] - US natural gas prices fell to a fresh 10-year low on Tuesday as supply growth continues, adding to pressure on drillers to curb production to avoid further falls as temperatures rise.

Enbridge, Enterprise to double Seaway pipeline capacity
[Reuters] - Enbridge Inc and Enterprise Products Partners LP will more than double the capacity of the Seaway Pipeline, easing a major oil glut in the United States that has led to an unprecedented distortion in crude ...

Summary Box: Enbridge spending $3.8B on pipeline


McMoRan Exploration Co. Announces Flare at Davy Jones No. 1  Flow Rates Not Yet Determinable
[Business Wire] - McMoRan Exploration Co. announced today continuing progress to flow test the Davy Jones No. 1 well on South Marsh Island Block 230. As previously reported, McMoRan saw positive pressure response from the Wilcox D sand which was perforated on March 24, 2012.

Talisman Makes Iraq Oil Discovery


Anadarko Petroleum - Gulf Of Mexico 2012 Prospects


Gasco Energy Invites You to Join Its Full-Year and Fourth Quarter 2011 Results Conference Call
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, March 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Gasco Energy, Inc. (NYSE Amex: GSX) today announced a conference call with investors, analysts and other interested parties that is scheduled for 11:00 a.m. EDT on ...

Outperforming The Market With Covered Calls


BP to lease future drilling land in northeast Ohio


Final Glance: Oil companies


Energy Business Roundup: Totals Dilemma, Chesapeake Energy Divests


CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Occidental sees lower 1st-qtr Colombian output


[$$] U.K. Gas-Leak Fallout Grows


UPDATE 1-Occidental sees lower 1st-qtr Colombian output


Petrobras Now Represents A Solid Value Investment


Chesapeake Looks To Lower Debt, Ride Growth To $35


The Science Behind Total's North Sea Gas Leak: This Isn't BP 2.0


Total perched on a North Sea powder keg


The Safe Way To Invest In Some Of The Most Exciting Oil Finds


PRESS DIGEST-Australian Business News - March 28


EOG Resources Is A Solid 'Buy' Candidate


Exxon Mobil As A Long-Term Dividend Energy Investment


North Sea gas leak may take months to plug
[at Financial Times] - Total, the French oil and gas group, has admitted it could take up to six months to tackle the gas leak at its Elgin platform in the North Sea. The leak forced the emergency evacuation of 238 staff on ...

TEXT-S&P assigns Chevron Corp 'A-1+' commercial paper rating


Brazil puts expats on notice with Chevron charges


Total Takes Hit On Gas Leak But No Need For Panic


US natural gas prices at 10-year low
[at Financial Times] - US natural gas prices fell to a fresh 10-year low on Tuesday as supply growth continues, adding to pressure on drillers to curb production to avoid further falls as temperatures rise.

[$$] Total's Recall of Oil Risk


ADR REPORT-ADRs fall as Total drops on North Sea worries


Transocean Biggest Winner From 28% Jump in Oil Rig Rates: Energy


Hercules Offshore to Present at the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hercules Offshore, Inc. (Nasdaq: HERO - News) announced today that John T. Rynd, Chief Executive Officer and President, will present at the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy ...

Hercules Offshore Prices Private Placement of Senior Secured Notes and Senior Notes
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hercules Offshore, Inc. (Nasdaq: HERO - News) today announced that it has priced a private placement of $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes ...

1 Energy Stock Paying a Huge Dividend


Potential Tax-Free Dividends Planned for Enerplus?


Total slides as gas leaks from platform off of Scotland


A Look At 5 Stock Picks


Chevron, Transocean Criminal Charges Create Covered Call Options


GeoMet Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2011 Results of Operations Schedule and Conference Call
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - GeoMet, Inc. announced today that it plans to file its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 on March 29, 2012 and to release its fourth quarter and fiscal 2011 ...

Legacy Reserves LP Announces Hiring of Dan G. LeRoy, Vice President and General Counsel
[GlobeNewswire] - MIDLAND, Texas -- Legacy Reserves LP ("Legacy") today announced the hiring of Dan G. LeRoy as Vice President and General Counsel of Legacy Reserves GP LLC, its general partner, effective May ...

Parker Drilling's Management Presents at Barclays Bank High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference (Transcript)
[at Seeking Alpha] - Parker Drilling's Management Presents at Barclays Bank High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference (Transcript)

Weekly Performance Update On 5 Offshore Drilling Stocks


Is This Drilling Stock a Buy?


Antero Resources Announces Closing of Marcellus Midstream Asset Sale
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, March 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Antero Resources today announced that it has closed the previously announced sale of its midstream assets, located in Harrison and Doddridge Counties, West Virginia ...

TEXT: S&P Assigns 'B' Rtg To Vanguard Natural Resources


Crestwood Midstream Partners and Crestwood Holdings Complete Acquisition of Antero Resources' Marcellus Shale Gathering Assets
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Crestwood Midstream Partners LP and Crestwood Holdings Partners LLC announced today their joint venture, Crestwood Marcellus Midstream LLC, has completed the previously announced acquisition ...

Atwood Oceanics to Present at the Howard Weil Conference
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ATWOOD OCEANICS, INC., (NYSE: ATW - News) announced today that the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Robert J. Saltiel, will make a presentation to institutional ...

Nabors Industries: Energy Losers


Pacific Drilling Announces Second Half and Full Year 2011 Results
[Business Wire] - Pacific Drilling S.A. today announced net income of $0.5 million or $0.00 per diluted share on revenue of $65.4 million for the six months ended December 31, 2011.

BreitBurn Energy Partners' CEO to Present at Barclays 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference (Transcript)
[at Seeking Alpha] - BreitBurn Energy Partners' CEO to Present at Barclays 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference (Transcript)

UPDATE 1-Transocean eyes up to $1 bln in rig sales in 2012


Williams Gets Venezuela Asset Price


Newpark Resources Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule
[PR Newswire] - THE WOODLANDS, Texas, March 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Newpark Resources, Inc. (NYSE: NR - News) announced today that it will release its first quarter 2012 results on Thursday, April 26, 2012 after the market ...

UK delays decision on mandatory emissions reporting


[video] Tuesday 3/27 Insider Buying Report: BAS, FE


Baker Hughes aims at costs after profit warning


North American Drilling Cycle - An Update


McMoRan Exploration Co. Announces Flare at Davy Jones No. 1  Flow Rates Not Yet Determinable
[Business Wire] - McMoRan Exploration Co. announced today continuing progress to flow test the Davy Jones No. 1 well on South Marsh Island Block 230. As previously reported, McMoRan saw positive pressure response from the Wilcox D sand which was perforated on March 24, 2012.

Holzer Holzer & Fistel, LLC Filed a Class Action Lawsuit Against Carbo Ceramics Inc.; Reminds Investors of Approaching Lead Plaintiff Deadline
[Marketwire] - ATLANTA, GA-- - Holzer Holzer & Fistel, LLC announces that it has filed a class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of purchasers of Carbo ...

Wyoming: Environmentalists sue over fracking fluid


Tuesday 3/27 Insider Buying Report: BAS, FE


Why Baker Hughes' Earnings May Not Be So Hot


Profire Energy, Inc. Completes Lindon Office Build-Out and Offers General Corporate Update


North American Energy Partners Receives Lender Approval for Amendment to Credit Agreement
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - North American Energy Partners Inc. today announced that it has received the required approval from its syndicate of lenders to amend the Company's credit agreement.The amendment extends ...

North American Energy Partners Reaches Final Contract Agreement With Canadian Natural Resources
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - North American Energy Partners Inc. today announced that it has reached final agreement with Canadian Natural Resources Limited on amendments to the long-term overburden removal and ...

Dril-Quip, Inc. (DRQ)


McMoRan Exploration Co. Provides Update on Davy Jones No. 1 Completion and Updates Exploration and Development Activities
[Business Wire] - McMoRan Exploration Co. today updated its ultra-deep exploration and development activities in the shallow waters of the Gulf of Mexico Shelf and onshore in the Gulf Coast area, including ongoing completion operations at Davy Jones No.

Baker Hughes to Present at Howard Weil Energy Conference
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Baker Hughes (NYSE: BHI - News) announced today that its President and CEO Martin Craighead will be presenting on March 27, 2012, at the Howard Weil Energy Conference in ...

NR Crosses Above Key Moving Average Level


TEXT-S&P: Global Geophysical rating unchanged after note increase


Shift To Oil Pushes Schlumberger Fracking Rates Down


Investment banking: David versus Goliath
[at Financial Times] - In the past year, the long-predicted shakeout in the investment banking sector has begun in earnest.

NYSE stocks posting largest volume increases


Magellan Midstream to Host Analyst Meeting on April 3
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., March 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (NYSE: MMP - News) plans to host a meeting with analysts and investors beginning at 9:00 a.m. Eastern on Tues., April 3 in New York ...

Williams Gets Venezuela Asset Price


UPDATE 1-Kinder delays decision on Trans Mountain expansion


OKS Crosses Critical Technical Indicator


Enbridge, Enterprise to double Seaway pipeline capacity
[Reuters] - Enbridge Inc and Enterprise Products Partners LP will more than double the capacity of the Seaway Pipeline, easing a major oil glut in the United States that has led to an unprecedented distortion in crude ...

Trans Mountain Extends Expansion Open Season
[Business Wire] - Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, L.P. today announced that following a review of the commitments received through Kinder Morgan Canadas recent Trans Mountain expansion open season, it will extend the Open Season an additional two weeks commencing today, March 27.

Summary Box: Enbridge spending $3.8B on pipeline


Canada to slim environmental tests for big projects


Enbridge Energy Partners to Webcast Its 2012 First Quarter Results
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. will review the results of its first quarter 2012 operations and in an Internet presentation, beginning at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Tuesday, May 1, 2012. ...

Kinder Morgan says Platte line overbooked in April


Gas drilling rigs decline in Pa. and nationwide


[video] Energy Check: U.S. Supply Glut


Plains All American Still A Pipeline For Fat Yields, More Gains


Enbridge, Enterprise to double Seaway pipeline capacity
[Reuters] - Enbridge Inc and Enterprise Products Partners LP will more than double the capacity of the Seaway Pipeline, easing a major oil glut in the United States that has led to an unprecedented distortion in crude ...

Kinder Morgan to Further Increase Storage Capacity at Edmonton Terminal
[Business Wire] - Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, L.P. today announced that Kinder Morgan Canada Terminals has entered into a long-term contract with a major Canadian producer to support the construction of an additional 1.2 million barrels of merchant storage capacity at Trans Mountain pipelines Edmonton terminal in Strathcona County, Alberta.

Williams upgraded to buy at UBS


Enbridge Venture Plans Oil Pipes to Gulf as Keystone Blocked


Enbridge upsizes capacity of U.S. Gulf Coast Access Projects


Enbridge, Enterprise to double Seaway pipeline capacity
[Reuters] - Enbridge Inc and Enterprise Products Partners LP will more than double the capacity of the Seaway Pipeline, easing a major oil glut in the United States that has led to an unprecedented distortion in crude ...

Enbridge, Enterprise to double Seaway pipeline capacity
[Reuters] - Enbridge Inc and Enterprise Products Partners LP will more than double the capacity of the Seaway Pipeline, easing a major oil glut in the United States that has led to an unprecedented distortion in crude ...

Western Refining's Management Present at the Barclays Bank High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference (Transcript)
[at Seeking Alpha] - Western Refining's Management Present at the Barclays Bank High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference (Transcript)

[$$] Gas-Price Highs, Refiners' Lows


California-Blend Gasoline Drops on High Fuel Supply, Few Buyers


Kior Rises as Biofuel Plant Nears Completion: Houston Mover


RPT-COLUMN-Will RBOB run off a cliff again?-Campbell


COLUMN-Will RBOB run off a cliff again?-Campbell


Power Solutions International, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Results
[GlobeNewswire] - Fourth Quarter Net Sales Up 52% Year Over Year, 6% SequentiallyFourth Quarter Net Income of $0.6 Million or $0.06 Per Diluted ShareFourth Quarter Adjusted Net Income of $1.7 Million or $0.18 Per Diluted ...

Los Angeles Diesel Rises to Two-Week High on BP Refinery Flaring


Western Refining to Participate in Barclays Capital 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference
[GlobeNewswire] - EL PASO, Texas -- Western Refining, Inc. announced today that Company management will present at the Barclays Capital 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference in Phoenix, Arizona. The presentation ...

KiOR Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings
[Business Wire] - KiOR, Inc. , a next-generation renewable fuels company, today announced its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2011.

Investing In China's Oil And Gas Sector With This Non-Government Entity


Marathon Oil still expects production growth


Has Ferrellgas Partners Made You Any Real Money?


US petrol prices close in on $4
[at Financial Times] - Petrol prices in the US are fast approaching $4 a gallon amid fears among wholesalers that the possible closure of loss-making oil refineries could lead to supply shortages before the peak summer driving ...

Marathon sees higher Bakken output


Marathon Oil CEO Clarence Cazalot Reaffirms Growth Trajectory at Howard Weil Energy Conference
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - HOUSTON, March 26, 2012 - Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE: MRO - News) Chairman, President and CEO Clarence P. Cazalot, Jr. today provided investors with a comprehensive report on the Company`s operations and ...

Marathon Runs Well With These 2 Metrics


CVR Energy expects capacity necessary to move production to Gulf coast by 2013


Marathon Petroleum upgraded to Outperform from Market Perform at Raymond James


Valero Energy upgraded to Strong Buy from Market Perform at Raymond James


Delek US Holdings Declares Special Cash Dividend
[Business Wire] - Delek US Holdings, Inc. , an integrated energy company with assets in the petroleum refining, marketing, supply and retail industries, today announced that its Board of D

==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.85
[3.85, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85]

Indianapolis
3.824
[3.82, 3.82, 3.82, 3.82, 3.84]

USA Average
3.88

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
106.82

Brent Prices
125.54

