This file created: April-24 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Romney eyes 5 more wins, promises 'better America'
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney laid claim to a fiercely contested Republican presidential nomination Tuesday night, anticipating a sweep of five more primaries and urging all who struggle in a shaky economy to "Hold on a little longer; a better America begins tonight."

Aide: Edwards doubted he fathered mistress' baby
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP)  John Edwards' first reaction when he learned his mistress may be pregnant was to downplay the chances he was the father, calling the woman a "crazy slut," his former close campaign aide testified Tuesday.

Ex-BP engineer arrested in Gulf oil spill case
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  Federal prosecutors brought the first criminal charges Tuesday in the Gulf oil spill, accusing a former BP engineer of deleting more than 300 text messages that indicated the blown-out well was spewing far more crude than the company was telling the public at the time.

Obama pushes low-rate student loans, wooing young
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (AP)  President Barack Obama went after the college vote Tuesday, pitching cheaper student loans as he courted the one age group where he has a decided advantage over Republican rival Mitt Romney. The twist? Romney, too, has endorsed the idea, though it's unclear whether deficit-leery Republicans in Congress will go along.

New case of mad cow disease in California
WASHINGTON (AP)  The first new case of mad cow disease in the U.S. since 2006 has been discovered in a dairy cow in California, but health authorities said Tuesday the animal never was a threat to the nation's food supply.

House GOP pulls its budget punches
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republicans controlling the House are opting for the politically safe route as they follow up their tightfisted, tea party-driven budget with less controversial steps to cut spending.

3 more Secret Service employees ousted in scandal
WASHINGTON (AP)  Three more Secret Service employees have been forced out of the government, bringing to nine the number of people who have lost their jobs in the prostitution scandal roiling the agency. President Barack Obama said the employees at the center of the sordid episode were "knuckleheads," but not representative of the agency that protects his family in the glare of public life.

Hudson leaves court before grisly photos shown
CHICAGO (AP)  The trial of the man charged with murdering three of Jennifer Hudson's family members resumed Tuesday with the Oscar-winner shutting her eyes as a police officer described finding her dead family members and later leaving the courtroom before photos of their bodies were shown.

Apple trumps expectations, sells 35M iPhones in 2Q
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple Inc., the world's most valuable company, trumped skeptics once again by reporting blowout iPhone sales.

Gov't says transgender people protected under law
WASHINGTON (AP)  In a first-of-its-kind ruling, the government says transgender people are protected under federal employment discrimination laws.

Obama visit to spotlight Iowa's high student debt
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP)  President Barack Obama's visit to Iowa to talk about college costs is drawing attention to a surprising fact about a state known for education and frugality: its college students graduate with some of the highest debt in the nation.

Obama pushes low-rate student loans, wooing young
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (AP)  President Barack Obama went after the college vote Tuesday, pitching cheaper student loans as he courted the one age group where he has a decided advantage over Republican rival Mitt Romney. The twist? Romney, too, has endorsed the idea, though it's unclear whether deficit-leery Republicans in Congress will go along.

Aide: Edwards doubted he fathered mistress' baby
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP)  John Edwards' first reaction when he learned his mistress may be pregnant was to downplay the chances he was the father, calling the woman a "crazy slut," his former close campaign aide testified Tuesday.

Ex-BP engineer arrested in Gulf oil spill case
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  Federal prosecutors brought the first criminal charges Tuesday in the Gulf oil spill, accusing a former BP engineer of deleting more than 300 text messages that indicated the blown-out well was spewing far more crude than the company was telling the public at the time.

New case of mad cow disease in California
WASHINGTON (AP)  The first new case of mad cow disease in the U.S. since 2006 has been discovered in a dairy cow in California, but health authorities said Tuesday the animal never was a threat to the nation's food supply.

3 more Secret Service employees ousted in scandal
WASHINGTON (AP)  Three more Secret Service employees have been forced out of the government, bringing to nine the number of people who have lost their jobs in the prostitution scandal roiling the agency. President Barack Obama said the employees at the center of the sordid episode were "knuckleheads," but not representative of the agency that protects his family in the glare of public life.

Father of Christmas fire victims starts project
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP)  The father of three girls killed in a Christmas morning fire said Tuesday he's channeling his grief into a project that supports school arts programs in their memory.

Arrest made in Marine wife's death near San Diego
SAN DIEGO (AP)  A Marine charged with stealing an assault weapon was arrested Tuesday on suspicion of murder in the death of another Marine's wife, authorities said.

New York City portrayed online in 870,000 images
NEW YORK (AP)  The two men were discovered dead at the bottom of an elevator shaft in a 12-story Manhattan building, as if dumped there, one man sprawled on top of the other.

Annan calls Syria situation 'bleak'
UNITED NATIONS (AP)  International envoy Kofi Annan told the U.N. Security Council Thursday that the situation in Syria is "bleak" and expressed alarm at reports that government troops are still carrying out military operations in towns where U.N. observers are not present.

Top military officers targeted in Syrian conflict
BEIRUT (AP)  The gunmen walked into an apartment building before dawn earlier this month in the quiet Damascus suburb of Jaramana, went to the fifth floor and knocked on the door. When the police commander opened up, the men shot him dead and left.

Angry EU voters, citizens rebel against austerity
BRUSSELS (AP)  For more than a year, European Union officials have called for austerity, austerity and more austerity as a means to solve Europe's debt crisis. Now people who don't want to pay the price are taking their fight from the streets to the ballot box.

Murdoch testimony spotlights UK Olympics minister
LONDON (AP)  News Corp. executive James Murdoch's behind-the-scenes lobbying campaign has spilled into the public domain, casting a harsh light on the British government's Olympics czar.

Pope stakes out church's course entering 8th year
VATICAN CITY (AP)  Pope Benedict XVI began his eighth year as pope on Tuesday after spending the waning days of his seventh driving home his view of the Catholic Church, with a divisive crackdown on dissenters and an equally divisive opening to a fringe group of traditionalists.

Boredom, discontent set in among Kony hunters
DJEMA, Central African Republic (AP)  An Internet campaign that's gone viral aims to capture notorious rebel leader Joseph Kony, but Ugandan foot soldiers who have spent years searching for the man are starting to ask a question their top commanders prefer to ignore: Is it possible he is dead?

Swiss scientists demonstrate mind-controlled robot
LAUSANNE, Switzerland (AP)  Swiss scientists have demonstrated how a partially paralyzed person can control a robot by thought alone, a step they hope will one day allow immobile people to interact with their surroundings through so-called avatars.

Caretaker Dutch PM seeks consensus on cuts
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP)  Caretaker Prime Minister Mark Rutte appealed to a polarized Dutch Parliament on Tuesday to help him make painful budget cuts rather than let the country drift in political limbo until new elections.

US, Yemen pledge united front against al-Qaida
SANAA, Yemen (AP)  The United States and Yemen pledged Tuesday to step up high-level cooperation in the fight against al-Qaida as government forces punched their way into the heart of a city long held by militants in the Arab nation's lawless south.

AP Sources: Romney to open fundraisers to media
WASHINGTON (AP)  Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney is preparing to open some fundraisers to the media.

Obama visit to spotlight Iowa's high student debt
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP)  President Barack Obama's visit to Iowa to talk about college costs is drawing attention to a surprising fact about a state known for education and frugality: its college students graduate with some of the highest debt in the nation.

Romney eyes 5 more wins, promises 'better America'
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney laid claim to a fiercely contested Republican presidential nomination Tuesday night, anticipating a sweep of five more primaries and urging all who struggle in a shaky economy to "Hold on a little longer; a better America begins tonight."

Obama pushes low-rate student loans, wooing young
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (AP)  President Barack Obama went after the college vote Tuesday, pitching cheaper student loans as he courted the one age group where he has a decided advantage over Republican rival Mitt Romney. The twist? Romney, too, has endorsed the idea, though it's unclear whether deficit-leery Republicans in Congress will go along.

Gingrich to decide next move after Tues. primaries
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP)  Newt Gingrich declined to discuss his struggling presidential campaign Tuesday and said he would decide his next steps after the latest primaries, refusing to acknowledge the Republican nominating contest is essentially over.

THE RACE: Endorsements keep rolling in for Romney
The Republican primary race is effectively over but Mitt Romney keeps piling up delegates and endorsements.

Romney looks to fall election on primary Tuesday
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP)  Mitt Romney is all but certain to sweep Tuesday's five presidential primaries, marking a nearly definitive end to the Republican nomination process.

Romney says he enjoyed French vacations
ASTON, Pa. (AP)  Mitt Romney spent two years as a Mormon missionary in France but says his best memories of the country are from vacations there.

3 more Secret Service employees ousted in scandal
WASHINGTON (AP)  Three more Secret Service employees have been forced out of the government, bringing to nine the number of people who have lost their jobs in the prostitution scandal roiling the agency. President Barack Obama said the employees at the center of the sordid episode were "knuckleheads," but not representative of the agency that protects his family in the glare of public life.

Ex-BP engineer arrested in Gulf oil spill case
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  Federal prosecutors brought the first criminal charges Tuesday in the Gulf oil spill, accusing a former BP engineer of deleting more than 300 text messages that indicated the blown-out well was spewing far more crude than the company was telling the public at the time.

Angry EU voters, citizens rebel against austerity
BRUSSELS (AP)  For more than a year, European Union officials have called for austerity, austerity and more austerity as a means to solve Europe's debt crisis. Now people who don't want to pay the price are taking their fight from the streets to the ballot box.

Americans remain confident in April
NEW YORK (AP)  Americans' confidence in the economy was resilient in April despite rising job cuts and falling home values.

New case of mad cow disease in California
WASHINGTON (AP)  The first new case of mad cow disease in the U.S. since 2006 has been discovered in a dairy cow in California, but health authorities said Tuesday the animal never was a threat to the nation's food supply.

Strong earnings from AT&T, 3M lift Dow average
Muscular U.S. corporate earnings and higher spirits in Europe propelled U.S. stocks higher Tuesday.

Apple trumps expectations, sells 35M iPhones in 2Q
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple Inc., the world's most valuable company, trumped skeptics once again by reporting blowout iPhone sales.

A look at AT&T subscribers and what they're paying
Here's a look at how many subscribers AT&T has in several categories, and how much they pay.

Monthly smartphone bills down at AT&T
NEW YORK (AP)  Hidden in AT&T Inc.'s financial statements is a story that runs counter to its optimistic profit projections: The company is generating less rjevenue from each new smartphone subscriber.

Gov't says transgender people protected under law
WASHINGTON (AP)  In a first-of-its-kind ruling, the government says transgender people are protected under federal employment discrimination laws.

Obama pushes low-rate student loans, wooing young
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (AP)  President Barack Obama went after the college vote Tuesday, pitching cheaper student loans as he courted the one age group where he has a decided advantage over Republican rival Mitt Romney. The twist? Romney, too, has endorsed the idea, though it's unclear whether deficit-leery Republicans in Congress will go along.

Apple trumps expectations, sells 35M iPhones in 2Q
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple Inc., the world's most valuable company, trumped skeptics once again by reporting blowout iPhone sales.

A look at AT&T subscribers and what they're paying
Here's a look at how many subscribers AT&T has in several categories, and how much they pay.

Google launches storage service for personal files
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP)  Google is hoping to build the world's largest digital filing cabinet in the latest attempt to deepen people's dependence on its services.

Monthly smartphone bills down at AT&T
NEW YORK (AP)  Hidden in AT&T Inc.'s financial statements is a story that runs counter to its optimistic profit projections: The company is generating less rjevenue from each new smartphone subscriber.

Swiss scientists demonstrate mind-controlled robot
LAUSANNE, Switzerland (AP)  Swiss scientists have demonstrated how a partially paralyzed person can control a robot by thought alone, a step they hope will one day allow immobile people to interact with their surroundings through so-called avatars.

China's dream of electric car leadership elusive
BEIJING (AP)  China's leaders are finding it's a lot tougher to create a world-beating electric car industry than they hoped.

Hollywood, Silicon Valley need unity, leader says
LAS VEGAS (AP)  Chris Dodd, the head of the Motion Picture Association of America, said Tuesday that Hollywood and Silicon Valley must work together to protect intellectual property.

Asteroids may yield precious metals, cosmic riches
SEATTLE (AP)  Using space-faring robots to mine precious metals from asteroids almost sounds easy when former astronaut Tom Jones describes it  practically like clearing a snow-covered driveway.

Google investing $300M to build Iowa data center
COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa (AP)  Google Inc. announced Tuesday it was investing $300 million to build another data center in Council Bluffs, bringing the Internet search company's total investment in the western Iowa city to about $900 million.

Motorola wins tentative ruling against Apple
NEW YORK (AP)  A judge for the U.S. International Trade Commission has ruled that Apple infringed a patent held by Motorola and dismissed the rest of Motorola's claims.

Swiss scientists demonstrate mind-controlled robot
LAUSANNE, Switzerland (AP)  Swiss scientists have demonstrated how a partially paralyzed person can control a robot by thought alone, a step they hope will one day allow immobile people to interact with their surroundings through so-called avatars.

Asteroids may yield precious metals, cosmic riches
SEATTLE (AP)  Using space-faring robots to mine precious metals from asteroids almost sounds easy when former astronaut Tom Jones describes it  practically like clearing a snow-covered driveway.

Private company delays 1st space station visit
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP)  A private U.S. company has delayed launching a cargo ship to the International Space Station.

AP Photos: Earth Day observed around the world
An Indian boy plays in the polluted waters of the Yamuna River in New Delhi. Women wearing leaves and flowers ready for a celebration in Barcelona. A girl holds a poster calling for water conservation amid a rain storm in Washington.

Weather forecast delays shuttle's arrival to NYC
NEW YORK (AP)  The space shuttle Enterprise's scheduled arrival in New York City has been pushed back because of possible bad weather.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Newfield 1Q profit on oil, gas liquids production


Shell makes 1.1bn cash offer for Cove
[at Financial Times] - Royal Dutch Shell has made a recommended cash bid worth more than 1bn for Cove Energy in the face of competing takeover interest in the east Africa-focused oil and gas explorer from Asian rivals.

Martin Midstream Partners Announces Quarterly Distribution and Release Date of First Quarter 2012 Results
[GlobeNewswire] - KILGORE, Texas -- Martin Midstream Partners L.P. announced today it has declared a quarterly cash distribution of $0.7625 per unit for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 and plans to publicly release its ...

New Issue- Plains E&P sells $750 mln notes


FEC Reports on Seismic Update


UPDATE 1-Newfield Exploration 1st-qtr profit beats Street


Natural-Gas Drilling Rig Count Is Misleading, Pioneer CEO Says


TEXT-S&P revises Plains Exploration to stable from positive


PXP Announces Pricing of $750 Million of Senior Notes
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Plains Exploration & Production Company (PXP) today announced that it has priced an underwritten public offering of $750 million of 6 1/8% Senior Notes due ...

Constitution Pipeline Company Announces Customer Agreements
[Business Wire] - Constitution Pipeline Company, LLC, a joint development between Williams Partners L.P. and Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation , today announced the execution of

Questar Reports First-Quarter 2012 Net Income of $75 Million
[Business Wire] - Questar Corporation reported first-quarter net income of $75.2 million, or $0.42 per diluted share compared to first-quarter 2011 net income of $69.9 million, or $0.39 per diluted share.

Newfield Exploration Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial and Operating Results
[PR Newswire] - THE WOODLANDS, Texas, April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Newfield Exploration Company (NFX) today reported its unaudited first quarter 2012 financial results and provided an update on its operations. ...

LINN Energy Announces 5 Percent Increase in Cash Distribution
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- LINN Energy, LLC announced today a cash distribution for the first fiscal quarter of 2012 of $0.725 per unit, or $2.90 per unit on an annualized basis, for all of its outstanding units. This ...

Gas From Liquids Plays Will Keep Prices Low, Pioneer CEO Says


Analysis: Argentina hopes shale lure enough to dispel doubts


Analysis: Argentina hopes shale lure enough to dispel doubts


Oil Prices Determine Exxon's Stock Price


Shell/Cove Energy
[at Financial Times] - Few visitors to Mozambique's capital Maputo leave without sampling its famed Loureno Marques prawns. So much for the crustaceans, Shellhas developed a taste for the country's resource-rich coastal waters. ...

How Low Will McMoRan Exploration Go?


Chesapeake Energy: When Does the Stock Become a Buy?


Cabot's New Oil Wells Will Strengthen Your Portfolio


Ex-BP engineer arrested in Gulf oil spill case


Questions, answers about arrest in the Gulf spill


San Francisco Gasoline Rises to Six-Week High on Refinery Work


Final Glance: Oil companies


10 Quick Facts About The Upcoming Conoco Phillips Spinoff


Weyerhaeuser Turns Profit on Site Near Houston


US WCoast Products-Bay gasoline gains on overhaul


ExxonMobil Foundation Marks World Malaria Day with More Than $10 Million to Combat Malaria
[Business Wire] - On the eve of World Malaria Day, the ExxonMobil Foundation today announced more than $10 million in grants to fight malaria, bringing its total commitment to more than $110 million since 2000.

Natural gas price drop hit Exxon in first quarter


Given The Operational Risks, ConocoPhillips Is No Bargain


Feds make 1st arrest in BP oil spill case


ConocoPhillips Falls Short Of Estimates


Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. Increases Distributions on Limited Partner Units
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - Tulsa, OK, April 24, 2012 -- Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. (RRMS) announced today that the Board of Directors of its general partner has declared a cash distribution for the first quarter of 2012 of ...

SemGroup Corporation and Rose Rock Midstream Announce Timing of First Quarter 2012 Financial Results, Conference Call and Webcast
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - Tulsa, OK, - April 24, 2012, SemGroup  Corporation (SEMG), a midstream energy company, and its recently formed master limited partnership, Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. (RRMS) today announced ...

1st person arrested in BP oil spill makes bail


Conoco Rodeo refinery performing planned maintenance


[video] Former BP Engineer Charged in Gulf Oil Spill


Is Big Oil Headed for Hypothermia?


The BP Nightmare Isnt Over


Justice Dept Arrests First Individual in BP Spill Case


Salazar says BP will be held accountable for spill


Retail Gasoline Slips Below 2011 Levels, According to AAA


QEP Resources Inc. Earnings: Income Climbs


UPDATE 1-Nabors profit tops Wall St, fights US price squeeze


Nabors Industries Ltd. Earnings: Fifth Consecutive Quarter of Double-Digit Revenue Growth


Pioneer Southwest Energy Partners L.P. Increases Quarterly Distribution on Common Units
[Business Wire] - Pioneer Southwest Energy Partners L.P. today announced a cash distribution of $0.52 per unit for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, on Pioneer Southwest's outstanding common units, representing a $0.01 per unit increase in the quarterly distribution.

Nabors profit up, fights N.American price pressure


Rex Energy Announces Date of First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release
[GlobeNewswire] - STATE COLLEGE, Pa. -- Rex Energy Corporation today announced plans to release first quarter 2012 operational results on Tuesday, May 1, 2012 after market close. Management will host a live conference call ...

Nabors' 1Q 2012 Operating Income equals $321.2 million, EPS equals $0.65, excluding a $0.16 ceiling test charge from NFR


QEP Resources Reports 2012 First Quarter Adjusted EBITDA of $345.7 Million and Production of 74.2 Bcfe
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- QEP Resources, Inc. (NYSE: QEP) reported Adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP measure) of $345.7 million for the first quarter of 2012 compared to $305.8 million in the first ...

MarkWest Energy Partners Announces Release Date for First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
[Business Wire] - MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P. will announce first quarter 2012 financial results after market close on Wednesday, May 9, 2012, and will host a conference call to discuss the results at 4:00 p.m.

Nabors' 1Q 2012 Operating Income equals $321.2 million, EPS equals $0.65, excluding a $0.16 ceiling test charge from NFR
[PR Newswire] - HAMILTON, Bermuda, April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) today reported its financial results for the first quarter of 2012. Adjusted income derived from operating activities ...

Shale gas seen as unlikely bet for Russia
[at Financial Times] - Asked whether Europe could replicate the US shale gas revolution, Alexander Medvedev, head of Gazprom's export arm, cites an example from history.

Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross - PSE


Worthington Energy's New Website Goes Live


Parker Drilling to Present at the Susquehanna Conference
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Parker Drilling (PKD) announced today that Robert L. Parker Jr., executive chairman, president and chief executive officer will present at the Susquehanna ...

1 Thing Worth Watching at Parker Drilling


Venoco, Inc. Announces Conference Call to Discuss First Quarter 2012 Financial and Operating Results
[Marketwire] - DENVER, CO-- - Venoco, Inc. announced that it will host a conference call to discuss first quarter 2012 financial and operating results on Tuesday, May 1, 2012 beginning at 12:00 PM Eastern Time.The conference ...

Check This to Find Out Whether Atwood Oceanics Is Going to Bomb


TSX Venture Exchange Conditionally Approves Terra Nova Farm-Out


Vanguard Natural Resources, LLC Announces Increased Quarterly Distribution
[Business Wire] - Vanguard Natural Resources, LLC announced today that its board of directors has declared a cash distribution attributable to the first quarter of 2012 of $0.5925 per unit payable on May 15, 2012 to unitholders of record on May 8, 2012.

Cross Border and Red Mountain Reach Settlement


The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Baker Hughes, Transocean, Diamond Offshore, Noble and Helmerich & Payne


Concho Resources initiated with a Buy at Societe Generale


Earnings Preview: Nat'l Oilwell Varco


FMC Technologies Inc. Earnings: Full Steam Ahead


North American Energy Partners Announces the Retirement of Peter Dodd and the Appointment of Carl F. Giesler to Board of Directors
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - North American Energy Partners Inc. today announced that Peter Dodd will retire from NAEP's Board of Directors and will be replaced by Carl F. Giesler, Jr. Both Mr. Dodd's retirement ...

Natural-Gas Drilling Rig Count Is Misleading, Pioneer CEO Says


EXH Makes Bullish Cross Above Critical Moving Average


Baker Hughes Rises After Beating Estimates in U.S.: Dallas Mover


FMC Technologies Reports First Quarter 2012 Diluted Earnings per Share of $0.41
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- FMC Technologies, Inc. (FTI) today reported first quarter 2012 revenue of $1.4 billion, up 29 percent from the prior-year quarter. Diluted earnings per share ...

Weatherford Announces Conference Call
[PR Newswire] - GENEVA, April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Weatherford International Ltd. (NYSE/SIX: WFT) today announced that it has scheduled a conference call for Wednesday, July 25, 2012 at 8:00 a.m. ET. The purpose ...

Baker Hughes Q1 Beats As Africa Trumps America Squeeze


Why Baker Hughes, Halliburton May Be Top 2012 Stocks


Weatherford International's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Weatherford International's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Weatherford International 1Q profit triples


Warren Resources Schedules First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call
[GlobeNewswire] - NEW YORK -- Warren Resources, Inc. will report first quarter 2012 financial results on Tuesday, May 1, 2012 by issuing a press release before the market opens and conducting a conference call on that date ...

[video] Helix Energy Surges on Upbeat Earnings


Baker Hughes Incorporated's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Baker Hughes Incorporated's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Baker Hughes profit beats tempered views: analyst


The Race Is On In Oil And Gas Exploration And Production Artificial Lift


Is C&J Energy Services the Perfect Stock?


2 Winning Stocks From the New Fracking Rules


Schlumberger  A Look At First Quarter 2012 Earnings


Baker Hughes Beats on Both Top and Bottom Lines


Helix Energy Solutions Group Inc. Earnings Call Nuggets: Marine Margins, Charters


Energy Transfer Announces Cash Distribution for First Quarter of 2012
[Business Wire] - Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. and Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. today announced that the Board of Directors of each partnership has approved quarterly distrib

TC PipeLines, LP Announces 2012 First Quarter Cash Distribution and Financial Results
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TEXAS-- - TC PipeLines, LP today announced that the board of directors of TC PipeLines GP, Inc., its general partner, declared the Partnership's first quarter 2012 cash distribution of $0.77 per common unit. The distribution is equivalent to the fourth quarter 2011 distribution and represents ...

Blueknight Declares Quarterly Distributions on Common Units and Preferred Units
[Business Wire] - Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. , a midstream energy company focused on providing integrated services for companies eng

Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. Increases Distributions on Limited Partner Units
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - Tulsa, OK, April 24, 2012 -- Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. (RRMS) announced today that the Board of Directors of its general partner has declared a cash distribution for the first quarter of 2012 of ...

SemGroup Corporation and Rose Rock Midstream Announce Timing of First Quarter 2012 Financial Results, Conference Call and Webcast
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - Tulsa, OK, - April 24, 2012, SemGroup  Corporation (SEMG), a midstream energy company, and its recently formed master limited partnership, Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. (RRMS) today announced ...

Magellan raises dividend to 84 cents per share


Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. Declares Increased Distribution on Limited Partner Units
[Business Wire] - Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. today declared a cash distribution for the first quarter 2012 of $0.4275 per common unit to be paid on May 15, 2012 to unit holders of record on May 9, 2012.

BRIEF - Moody's revises Buckeye Partners outlook


Spectra Energy Corp Named to Corporate Responsibility Magazine's 2012 Best Corporate Citizens List
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Spectra Energy Corp (SE) has been named to Corporate Responsibility Magazine's prestigious "100 Best Corporate Citizens List" for 2012, ranking seventh ...

Pembina Announces Offer to Purchase Series E and Series F 5.75% Convertible Debentures


Pembina Announces Offer to Purchase Series E and Series F 5.75% Convertible Debentures
[PR Newswire] - CALGARY, April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ - Pembina Pipeline Corporation ("Pembina") (TSX: PPL; NYSE: PBA) announced today that in connection with its recently completed acquisition (the "Arrangement") ...

A Closer Look At 2011 Distributable Cash Flows Of Selected MLPs


Cash Dividend On The Way From Kinder Morgan


A Hassle-Free Path to MLP Investing?
[at Motley Fool] - ETFs owning master limited partnership units solve some problems, but they come at a cost.

Magellan Midstream Raises Quarterly Cash Distribution to 84 Cents
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- The board of directors of Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) has increased the partnership's quarterly cash distribution to 84 cents per unit for ...

Sunoco, Carlyle in talks for Philadelphia refinery


UPDATE 1-Kinder Morgan seeks interest on light condensate


Williams Partners Raises Cash Distribution to 77.75 Cents per Unit
[Business Wire] - Williams Partners L.P. announced today that the regular quarterly cash distribution its unitholders receive has been increased to $0.7775 per unit.

Williams Cos Named Top Dividend Stock With Insider Buying and 3.20% Yield


UPDATE 2-Sunoco, Carlyle in talks for Philadelphia refinery


Kinder Morgan Energy announces binding open season for Cochin Reversal Project


Kinder Morgan Announces Binding Open Season to Move Light Condensate on Cochin
[Business Wire] - Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, L.P. , today announced the launch of a binding open season to solicit market interest for its Cochin Reversal Project, which would enable the company to offer a new service to move light condensate from Kankakee County, Ill., to existing terminal facilities near Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, Canada.

Eagle Rock Announces 5% Increase in First Quarter 2012 Cash Distribution and Earnings Release Date
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Eagle Rock Energy Partners, L.P. ("Eagle Rock" or the "Partnership") today declared a cash distribution of $0.22 per common unit for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, which ...

CVR Partners Reschedules First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call
[PR Newswire] - SUGAR LAND, Texas, April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- CVR Partners (UAN) today announced that it has rescheduled the release of its first quarter 2012 earnings results and conference call. The company ...

CVR Energy Reschedules First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release And Conference Call
[PR Newswire] - SUGAR LAND, Texas, April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- CVR Energy, Inc. (CVI), a refiner and marketer of petroleum fuels, today announced that it has rescheduled the release of its first quarter 2012 ...

Retail Gasoline Slips Below 2011 Levels, According to AAA


Copper Gains on U.S. Homes Sales: Commodities at Close


Renewable Energy Group, Inc. [REGI] CEO to Ring The NASDAQ Stock Market Closing Bell
[GlobeNewswire] - ADVISORY --

Universal Bioenergy Announces 2011 Financial and Operating Results With Revenues of $71.75 Million
[GlobeNewswire] - IRVINE, Calif. -- Universal Bioenergy Inc., (OTCMarkets:UBRG.PK - News), a publicly traded independent diversified energy company, that markets natural gas, propane, and produces petroleum and coal, announced that ...

[$$] S&P Lowers Argentina Outlook To Negative


[$$] Argentina's March Trade Surplus Swells To $1.08 Bln


UPDATE 1-Signs of cheaper gas could brighten Obama campaign


Sunoco, Carlyle in talks for Philadelphia refinery


Carlyle in Sunoco Talks Shows Private Equity Sees Rebound


US Cash Products-Cargo offers pressure NY CBOB


Signs of cheaper gas could brighten Obama campaign


UPDATE 2-Sunoco, Carlyle in talks for Philadelphia refinery


Sunoco announces bidder for Philadelphia refinery


Philadelphia refinery would run Bakken, syncrude-source


Gulf Coast Gasoline Discount Widens After Motiva Starts Coker


[$$] Sunoco, Carlyle Group Discuss Philadelphia Refinery


NGL Energy to buy operations in Northeast


Buy Exxon Ahead of Oil Price Slump, Says Analyst


Argentina says it won't pay anything for YPF stake, Telegraph reports


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.704
[3.69, 3.7, 3.7, 3.71, 3.72]

Indianapolis
3.678
[3.64, 3.68, 3.69, 3.69, 3.69]

USA Average
3.84

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
103.71

Brent Prices
118.16

