This file created: February-24 23:33

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Romney would raise eligibility age for Medicare
DETROIT (AP)  Four days before critical primary elections, Republican presidential contender Mitt Romney outlined a far-reaching plan Friday to gradually delay Americans' eligibility for Medicare as well as Social Security.

Clinton rips Russia, China for U.N. veto on Syria
TUNIS, Tunisia (AP)  U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton blasted Russia and China as "despicable" for opposing U.N. action aimed at stopping the bloodshed in Syria, and more than 60 nations began planning a civilian peacekeeping mission to deploy after the Damascus regime halts its crackdown on the opposition.

Oil prices rising to near 2011 highs
NEW YORK (AP)  Oil prices are approaching last year's highs as tensions increase over Iran's nuclear program. The rise pushed gasoline prices on Friday to a national average of $3.65 per gallon, the highest ever for this time of year.

UN atomic agency: Iran rapidly expands nuke work
VIENNA (AP)  Iran has rapidly ramped up production of higher-grade enriched uranium over the last few months, the U.N. nuclear agency said Friday, in a confidential report that feeds concerns about how quickly the Islamic republic could produce an atomic bomb.

Chavez flies to Cuba for urgent tumor removal
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP)  President Hugo Chavez bid an emotional farewell laced with references to Jesus Christ and independence hero Simon Bolivar as he departed Venezuela on Friday for Cuba for urgent surgery to remove a tumor he says is probably malignant.

Ala girl's short life full of turmoil before death
ATTALLA, Ala. (AP)  Savannah Hardin's life was in turmoil long before police say the 9-year-old was run to death by her grandmother and stepmother for allegedly lying about some candy she ate.

351-year-old will sparks bitter dispute in Mass.
BOSTON (AP)  With only eight days to live, a wealthy, ailing Massachusetts merchant wrote in his will 351 years ago that he was leaving a spectacular 35-acre seafront property for the benefit of public school children, decreeing the land should never be sold or wasted.

Shipwrecked silver begins voyage back to Spain
TAMPA, Fla. (AP)  A 17-ton haul of silver coins, lost for two centuries in the wreck of a sunken Spanish galleon, began its journey back to its home country on Friday after the deep-sea explorers who lifted it to the surface lost their claim to ownership.

Braun: 'The truth is on my side'
PHOENIX (AP)  His voice self-assured, Ryan Braun stood a few feet from the batter's box and hit back at those who he feels tarnished his name and image.

UK suspect in Iran missile plot extradited to US
EL PASO, Texas (AP)  A retired British businessman accused of plotting to sell missile components to Iran arrived in the U.S. late Friday to face charges after failing to overturn an extradition order.

Romney would raise eligibility age for Medicare
DETROIT (AP)  Four days before critical primary elections, Republican presidential contender Mitt Romney outlined a far-reaching plan Friday to gradually delay Americans' eligibility for Medicare as well as Social Security.

Ala girl's short life full of turmoil before death
ATTALLA, Ala. (AP)  Savannah Hardin's life was in turmoil long before police say the 9-year-old was run to death by her grandmother and stepmother for allegedly lying about some candy she ate.

Defendant's views debated in webcam spying trial
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. (AP)  The trial of a former Rutgers University student accused of using a webcam to spy on his roommate's intimate liaison with another man opened Friday with questions about whether the defendant had a problem with gay people.

Fla lawmaker resigns over sexy texts to prosecutor
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP)  A Democratic lawmaker resigned Friday over suggestive and harassing text messages he sent to a married federal prosecutor using a hidden identity.

Feds: Teen said 'bin Laden' in plane disruption
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP)  A 19-year-old from Saudi Arabia who authorities say forced a plane to make an emergency landing when he lit an electronic cigarette, mentioned Osama bin Laden and tried to hit fellow passengers pleaded not guilty Friday to interfering with a plane crew.

Shipwrecked silver begins voyage back to Spain
TAMPA, Fla. (AP)  A 17-ton haul of silver coins, lost for two centuries in the wreck of a sunken Spanish galleon, began its journey back to its home country on Friday after the deep-sea explorers who lifted it to the surface lost their claim to ownership.

Shooter in spa killings acquitted in La. shootings
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  The man authorities say slew his sisters and their husbands before killing himself at a suburban Atlanta spa appears to be the same person acquitted of killing three men in 1989 in Louisiana.

Columbia president says NYPD monitoring troubling
NEW YORK (AP)  Columbia University's president says the New York Police Department's monitoring of Muslim students' public websites was an "intrusion" into their daily activities and "raises deeply troubling questions."

Plans to drug test welfare recipients get momentum
CHEYENNE, Wyo. (AP)  Conservatives who say welfare recipients should have to pass a drug test to receive government assistance have momentum on their side.

Clinton rips Russia, China for U.N. veto on Syria
TUNIS, Tunisia (AP)  U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton blasted Russia and China as "despicable" for opposing U.N. action aimed at stopping the bloodshed in Syria, and more than 60 nations began planning a civilian peacekeeping mission to deploy after the Damascus regime halts its crackdown on the opposition.

Chavez flies to Cuba for urgent tumor removal
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP)  President Hugo Chavez bid an emotional farewell laced with references to Jesus Christ and independence hero Simon Bolivar as he departed Venezuela on Friday for Cuba for urgent surgery to remove a tumor he says is probably malignant.

Argentines discover 51st victim in train wreck
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP)  The discovery of a 51st victim Friday two days after Argentina's deadliest train wreck in decades left the man's family devastated and prompted rock-throwing and other violence by protesters holding vigil at the scene.

Haiti PM resignation threatens reconstruction
PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (AP)  Haitian Prime Minister Garry Conille abruptly resigned his post Friday, giving the country a new political crisis that is likely to distract the government and further delay efforts to rebuild from the devastating January 2010 earthquake.

Red Cross in Syria fails to evacuate reporters
BEIRUT (AP)  A Red Cross team evacuated 27 people from a besieged neighborhood in the Syrian city of Homs on Friday but apparently failed to get out two wounded Western journalists and the bodies of two others killed by government rockets.

Border state safety secretary fired after massacre
MEXICO CITY (AP)  The governor of a northern state where 44 inmates were massacred last week inside a prison has fired the state's public safety secretary.

At least 50 killed in Syria as regime pounds Homs
BEIRUT (AP)  President Bashar Assad's forces pounded rebel-held areas in central Syria on Friday, killing at least 22 people, activists said. More than 60 nations meeting in Tunisia asked the United Nations to start planning for a civilian peacekeeping mission that would deploy after the Syrian regime halts its crackdown.

More Quran protests leave 7 dead in Afghanistan
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP)  The top U.S. commander in Afghanistan called on his troops to resist any urge to avenge the death of two American soldiers killed in riots over the burning of Qurans at a U.S. base, even as renewed protests Friday claimed at least seven lives.

65 percent of Yemeni voters pick a new president
SANAA, Yemen (AP)  Yemen's election commission said Friday that 65 percent of registered voters in the country cast their ballot for Vice President Abed Rabo Mansour Hadi in this week's single-candidate presidential election aimed at bringing an end to months of political turmoil.

US senators meet Cuba's Castro about contractor
HAVANA (AP)  A senior U.S. senator met with imprisoned American Alan Gross and discussed the man's case in a long sit-down with Cuban President Raul Castro, but told The Associated Press on Friday that Gross was not likely to be released any time soon.

Santorum vows to cut taxes, regulations, spending
LINCOLN PARK, Mich. (AP)  Republican Rick Santorum vowed Friday to cut government spending, regulations and entitlement programs during his first 100 days in office if elected president.

Romney would raise eligibility age for Medicare
DETROIT (AP)  Four days before critical primary elections, Republican presidential contender Mitt Romney outlined a far-reaching plan Friday to gradually delay Americans' eligibility for Medicare as well as Social Security.

FACT CHECK: Gingrich energy ad errs on facts
WASHINGTON (AP)  A 28-minute political ad offers a candidate something sound bites can never capture  a chance to explore a subject in depth.

Study: Candidates' plans lead to huge deficits
WASHINGTON (AP)  Huge tax cuts in the budget plans of Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum would produce the kinds of trillion-dollar-plus deficits that the GOP candidates are blaming on President Barack Obama.

GOP-allied groups see Senate as good bet
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republicans' clear shot at winning control of the Senate is attracting tens of millions of dollars from GOP-allied outside groups eager to spend on a surer bet than a White House race with a resurgent President Barack Obama and an unsettled GOP field.

Gingrich: Washington same-sex law the 'right way'
OLYMPIA, Wash. (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich declined Friday to outright reject a new law legalizing same-sex marriage in Washington state, saying if it is approved by voters it will at least be enacted "the right way."

Higher gas prices cloud Obama's re-election hopes
WASHINGTON (AP)  Soaring gasoline prices are threatening to undercut President Barack Obama's re-election prospects and offering Republicans an easy target. With prices pushing $4 a gallon and threatening to go even higher, Obama sought Thursday to confront rising public anxiety and strike back at his GOP critics.

Romney pounces on Santorum's Senate compromises
MILFORD, Mich. (AP)  One day after a feisty debate, Mitt Romney criticized Republican rival Rick Santorum and courted tea party voters Thursday in a pair of primary states separated by nearly 2,000 miles.

GOP voters confused? Experts say give them a break
NEW YORK (AP)  Romney? Gingrich? Santorum? The Republican race for the presidential nomination is like a game of musical chairs. It makes you wonder what's going on in the heads of voters as they cast their primary ballots.

VA governor dropped bill over legal concerns
WASHINGTON (AP)  Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell said Friday he backed away from a bill requiring women to undergo an invasive procedure before receiving an abortion because he believed it might not have withstood legal scrutiny.

S&P 500 index hits highest point since June 2008
NEW YORK (AP)  A two-point gain was enough to push the Standard & Poor's 500 index to its highest level since June 2008, three months before the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the darkest days of the financial crisis.

AP IMPACT: Lender's own probe links it to suicides
MUMBAI, India (AP)  First they were stripped of their utensils, furniture, mobile phones, televisions, ration cards and heirloom gold jewelry. Then, some of them drank pesticide. One woman threw herself in a pond. Another jumped into a well with her children.

Miracle diet pill? A safe drug is elusive
WASHINGTON (AP)  The battle of the bulge has been a big, fat failure for U.S. drugmakers. But that hasn't stopped them from trying.

Judge awards iPhone user $850 in throttling case
SIMI VALLEY, Calif. (AP)  When AT&T started slowing down the data service for his iPhone, Matt Spaccarelli, an unemployed truck driver and student, took the country's largest telecommunications company to small claims court. And won.

Oil prices rising to near 2011 highs
NEW YORK (AP)  Oil prices are approaching last year's highs as tensions increase over Iran's nuclear program. The rise pushed gasoline prices on Friday to a national average of $3.65 per gallon, the highest ever for this time of year.

Bazaarvoice, Proto Labs surge in market debuts
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A splashy Wall Street debut by Bazaarvoice Inc. and Proto Labs Inc. is the latest sign that investor appetite for initial public offerings has rebounded after a dismal IPO market in 2011.

El Paso Corp. to sell oil, gas assets for $7.15B
HOUSTON (AP)  El Paso Corp. said Friday that it is selling its oil and gas exploration and production business to an investor group for $7.15 billion.

FDIC closes small banks in Georgia, Minnesota
WASHINGTON (AP)  Regulators have closed banks in Minnesota and Georgia, increasing to 11 the number of U.S. bank failures this year.

New-home sales dip after 4 straight monthly gains
WASHINGTON (AP)  Sales of new homes dipped in January but the final quarter of 2011 was stronger than first estimated.

Kodak _ and film _ saying goodbye to the Oscars
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Each year at the Oscars ceremony, Hollywood says goodbye to stars and filmmakers who've died. This year, the award show will bid adieu to the Kodak Theatre.

Kodak _ and film _ saying goodbye to the Oscars
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Each year at the Oscars ceremony, Hollywood says goodbye to stars and filmmakers who've died. This year, the award show will bid adieu to the Kodak Theatre.

Judge awards iPhone user $850 in throttling case
SIMI VALLEY, Calif. (AP)  When AT&T started slowing down the data service for his iPhone, Matt Spaccarelli, an unemployed truck driver and student, took the country's largest telecommunications company to small claims court. And won.

Ohio man given choice of Facebook apology or jail
CINCINNATI (AP)  A man who was threatened with jail time for posting comments about his estranged wife on his personal Facebook page unless he posted daily apologies for a month says the court ruling violates his freedom of speech.

Study: We're getting less friendly on Facebook
CHICAGO (AP)  Whether it's pruning friends lists, removing unwanted comments or restricting access to their profiles, Americans are getting more privacy-savvy on social networks, a new report found.

Bazaarvoice, Proto Labs surge in market debuts
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A splashy Wall Street debut by Bazaarvoice Inc. and Proto Labs Inc. is the latest sign that investor appetite for initial public offerings has rebounded after a dismal IPO market in 2011.

Apple Germany disables push email service
BERLIN (AP)  Apple says it has disabled the push email function for its mobile devices in Germany in an ongoing patent dispute with rival Motorola.

Company claiming iPad trademark sues Apple in US
SHANGHAI (AP)  Apple Inc. is facing yet another challenge to its use of the iPad trademark in China  this time in a court in California.

Google to sell Clearwire stake at 94 percent loss
NEW YORK (AP)  Google Inc. on Friday said it will sell its stake in Clearwire Corp., the struggling operator of a wireless data network. The search company is taking a 94 percent loss on the originally $500 million investment made in 2008.

Tough times for HP ahead; will investors wait?
NEW YORK (AP)  Hewlett-Packard Co. plans to spend years turning itself around as it addresses internal problems and battles broader threats from smartphones and tablet computers.

Apple CEO hints company will part with some cash
CUPERTINO, California (AP)  Apple CEO Tim Cook says he believes the world's most valuable company has more money than it needs. His next challenge is to figure out whether Apple should break from the cash-hoarding ways of his predecessor, the late Steve Jobs, and dip into its $98 billion bank account to pay shareholders a dividend this year.

GOP voters confused? Experts say give them a break
NEW YORK (AP)  Romney? Gingrich? Santorum? The Republican race for the presidential nomination is like a game of musical chairs. It makes you wonder what's going on in the heads of voters as they cast their primary ballots.

Pa. woman: Chemicals in my water in drilling area
EVANS CITY, Pa. (AP)  A woman says state environmental officials refused to do follow-up tests after their lab reported her drinking water contained chemicals, but it's unclear where the pollutants came from.

Tornado season looms, but forecasting a challenge
WASHINGTON (AP)  Tornado season is starting, but don't ask meteorologists how bad it will be this spring and summer.

Navy launches new communications satellite
CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida (AP)  The Navy has launched a new communications satellite after two weather-related cancellations last week.

Venus, Jupiter, moon offer dazzling night show
CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida (AP)  Stargazers of the world are getting a treat this weekend.

Scientist admits taking, leaking think-tank papers
WASHINGTON (AP)  In the field of climate science, when someone  especially skeptics  did something ethically questionable or misrepresented facts, scientist Peter Gleick was usually among the first and loudest to cry foul. He chaired a prominent scientific society's ethics committee. He created an award for what he considered lies about global warming.

New family of legless amphibians found in India
NEW DELHI (AP)  Since before the age of dinosaurs it has burrowed unbothered beneath the monsoon-soaked soils of remote northeast India  unknown to science and mistaken by villagers as a deadly, miniature snake.

Radiation detected 400 miles off Japanese coast
SALT LAKE CITY (AP)  Radioactive contamination from the Fukushima power plant disaster has been detected as far as almost 400 miles off Japan in the Pacific Ocean, with water showing readings of up to 1,000 times more than prior levels, scientists reported Tuesday.

Glenn marks 50 years since historic orbit of Earth
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP)  John Glenn made his historic spaceflight alone in 1962 but celebrated its 50th anniversary Monday among hundreds of people within his orbit, from fellow headline-making astronauts and NASA's administrator to family, friends and students at Ohio State University, where the public affairs school bears his name.

Pioneering molecular biologist Roy J. Britten dies
PASADENA, Calif. (AP)  Roy J. Britten, a pioneering molecular biologist who discovered the crucial fact that humans and animals have multiple copies of some DNA segments, has died. He was 92.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
EXCO Resources' CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - EXCO Resources' CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Linn Energy: A Long-Term Independent Oil And Gas Dividend Play


GeoGlobal to Close Private Placement Transaction
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - GeoGlobal Resources Inc. today announced that it has entered into subscription agreements to sell up to an aggregate of 2,500,000 units to accredited investors or outside the United ...

Anadarko Wins Court Ruling Excluding Evidence in BP Spill Trial Next Week


RANGE ANNOUNCES PRICING OF SENIOR SUBORDINATED NOTES
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - FORT WORTH, TEXAS, FEBRUARY 24, 2012 RANGE RESOURCES CORPORATION (NYSE: RRC - News) announced today that it has priced at par an offering of $600 million aggregate principal amount of senior subordinated notes ...

SM Energy Tops Consensus


New Unconventional ETF
[at Investopedia] - Theres a new ETF focused on fracking for natural gas and oil, and offers investors, but it may not be the best way to play the sector. Yet.

Chesapeake Puts Permian Field on the Block


Chesapeake offering Permian assets up for sale, WSJ reports


Top 10 Energy Stocks: Devon Energy


Dan Dicker: Iran Could Lead to $7-Per-Gallon Gas


Forest Oil Misses as Vol Shrinks


Is Chesapeake Energy Dead Money?


Royale Energy: USGS assessment of 'up to 2B' barrels of oil in North Slope


USGS Assessment of Up to 2 Billion Barrels of Oil Potential in North Slope Shale
[GlobeNewswire] - SAN DIEGO -- Royale Energy, Inc. reports that, for the first time, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) has estimated the potential of undiscovered onshore shale oil and gas reserve resources in Alaska's ...

Exco may sign deals to fund gas drilling


TEXT-S&P rates Range Resources notes


UPDATE 3-Thai PTT trumps Shell with $1.8 bln bid for Cove


Is Ultra Petroleum a Buffett Stock?


Why Investors Should Look at SandRidge Energy


McMoran Exploration Co (MMR) Shares Cross Above 200 DMA


[$$] Sanctions Push Angola to Abandon Iran Project


[$$] Exxon to Spend at Record Level in Coming Years


UPDATE 2-Exxon expects annual investment of $37 bln a year


Preview-US top court to hear corporate human rights case


Final Glance: Oil companies


Transocean Moves Earnings to BP Oil Spill Trial D-Day


Encana and Mitsubishi complete partnership agreement for development of Cutbank Ridge undeveloped lands in B.C.
[Business Wire] - Encana Corporation has completed the announced Cutbank Ridge Partnership agreement with Mitsubishi Corporation. On February 17, 2012, Encana announced an agreement with Mitsubishi that sees the Japanese global integrated business enterprise invest approximately C$2.9 billion for a 40 percent interest in the Cutbank Ridge Partnership.

UPDATE 1-Exxon expects annual investment of $37 bln a year


U.S. Crude Stocks Gain, Fuels Drop


GLOBAL MARKETS-Brent oil over $125; S&P 500 ends at 4-year high


$6 Gas, the Strait of Hormuz, and Wiffle Ball


Oil: What You Should Know


GP Strategies Completes Construction of Largest Public LNG Station in Louisiana
[PR Newswire] - ELKRIDGE, Md., Feb. 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- GP Strategies Corporation (NYSE: GPX - News), a global performance improvement solutions provider, today announced that its Alternative Fuels business unit completed ...

YPF, Argentina Oil Companies Must Boost Crude Production by 15%


Transocean Upgraded to Neutral


[$$] Statoil, Exxon Say Tanzania Offshore Gas Find Is Big


Chevron Confirms First Production from Usan Deepwater Field
[Business Wire] - Chevron Corporation through its Nigerian subsidiary Chevron Nigeria Limited today confirmed first production from the deepwater offshore Usan project in Nigeria.

Midday Glance: Oil companies


BP braced for $1.73bn legal bill
[at Financial Times] - The sum of $1.73bn is more than the annual profits of all but 30 British companies. It is also the amount that BP expects to spend on the legal and administrative costs of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster, ...

Dan Dicker: Iran Could Lead to $7-Per-Gallon Gas


Sonangol posts $3.3 bln net profit for 2011 -report


SandRidge Energy Succeeds in 2011


[$$] SEC Charges Noble Ex-CEO in Nigeria Bribe Investigation


Pa. woman: Chemicals in my water in drilling area


Transocean Moves Earnings to BP Oil Spill Trial D-Day


SEC charges former Noble chief over alleged bribes
[at Financial Times] - The former chief executive of Swiss offshore oil driller Noble and two others have been sued by US regulators for allegedly participating in the payment of hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes to ...

Statoil To Benefit From Brent Crude Price Rise


SEC charges ex-Noble CEO, 2 others with bribery


Transocean Ltd. Announces Revision to Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Release and Conference Call Date
[Marketwire] - ZUG, SWITZERLAND-- - Transocean Ltd. said it plans to report earnings for the three months and the full year ended December 31, 2011 before trading opens on the NYSE Monday, February 27, 2012.The company ...

BPZ Energy to Host Fourth Quarter and Year End 2011 Earnings Call
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- BPZ Energy, (BVL:BPZ - News), an independent oil and gas exploration and production company, today announced it will host a conference call and webcast to discuss fourth quarter and year-end 2011 financial ...

Recent Performance Review Of 7 Canadian Oil & Gas Equities Traded In The U.S.


Anadarko Wins Court Ruling Excluding Evidence in BP Spill Trial Next Week


W&T Offshore Shares Popped: What You Need to Know


Quis Custodiet Ipsos Custodes?


W. Pa. tests: Chemicals in drilling area water


4 'Bad' Energy Companies That Make for Good Trades


Transocean Upgraded to Neutral


UPDATE 1-US charges former, current Noble execs over bribes


EV Energy Partners Schedules 4th Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call on Wednesday, February 29, 2012 at 5:00pm ET
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - EV Energy Partners, L.P. today announced plans to release 2011 fourth quarter and full year results on Wednesday February 29, 2012 after market close. In conjunction with the release, EV ...

SEC charges former and current Noble executives on bribes
[Reuters] - Securities regulators on Friday charged three current and former executives for oil services company Noble Corp with participating in a bribery scheme to obtain permits for oil rigs in Nigeria. The Securities ...

US charges former, current Noble execs on bribes


Use ETFs To Bet On Low Debt Europe
[at Investopedia] - For investors, betting on the low debtor nations might be the best way to access the region.

SandRidge Energy's CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - SandRidge Energy's CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Oil States' CEO Present at Credit Suisse Energy Summit Conference (Transcript)
[at Seeking Alpha] - Oil States' CEO Present at Credit Suisse Energy Summit Conference (Transcript)

Superior Energy Services' CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Superior Energy Services' CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Energy XXI Announces Exchange of 5.625% Preferred Stock
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Energy XXI today announced the closing of exchange agreements (the "Exchange Agreements") with holders of the company's 5.625% Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 ...

4 Oilfield Service Stars Shining Brightly


Weekly US oil, gas rig count down 13 to 1,981


Tesco Shares Popped: What You Need to Know


Mild weekend weather pressures U.S. spot natgas


Why I Bought This $3 Stock That Is 50% Below Consensus Price Targets


Tesco says aftermarket revenue should continue to improve


Superior Energy Services sees 1st-qtr profit below estimates


Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross - WFT


LUFK Ex-Dividend Reminder - 2/28/12


OII Ex-Dividend Reminder - 2/28/12


UPDATE 1-US natural gas slides 3 pct early, weather weighs


NATURAL GAS SERVICES GROUP ANNOUNCES ITS FOURTH QUARTER 2011 EARNINGS CALL
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - NATURAL GAS SERVICES GROUP ANNOUNCES ITS FOURTH QUARTER 2011 EARNINGS CALL Midland, Texas, February 24, 2012 - Natural Gas Services Group, Inc. (NYSE:NGS - News), a leading provider of gas compression equipment ...

US natural gas edges lower early, weather weighs


Perception, Opportunity in Volatility - Research & Analysis on CARBO Ceramics Inc. and Weatherford International Ltd.
[Marketwire] - HONG KONG-- - This morning, www.MarketFoundations.com announced new reports highlighting CARBO Ceramics Inc. and Weatherford International Ltd. . Free research downloads are available at www.MarketFoundations.com/index.php?coa=CRR&amp;cob=WFT ...

Perception, Opportunity in Volatility - Research & Analysis on Superior Energy Services, Inc. and Cal Dive International, Inc.
[Marketwire] - HONG KONG-- - This morning, www.MarketFoundations.com announced new reports highlighting Superior Energy Services, Inc. and Cal Dive International, Inc. . Free research downloads are available at www.MarketFoundations.com/index.php?coa=SPN&amp;cob=DVR ...

Perception, Opportunity in Volatility - Research & Analysis on Basic Energy Services, Inc and Helix Energy Solutions Group Inc.
[Marketwire] - HONG KONG-- - This morning, www.MarketFoundations.com announced new reports highlighting Basic Energy Services, Inc and Helix Energy Solutions Group Inc. . Free research downloads are available at www.MarketFoundations.com/index.php?coa=BAS&amp;cob=HLX ...

Perception, Opportunity in Volatility - Research & Analysis on Flotek Industries, Inc. and Newpark Resources, Inc.
[Marketwire] - HONG KONG-- - This morning, www.MarketFoundations.com announced new reports highlighting Flotek Industries, Inc. and Newpark Resources, Inc. . Free research downloads are available at www.MarketFoundations.com/index.php?coa=FTK&amp;cob=NR ...

El Paso Sells Divisions to Apollo-Led Group for $7.15 Billion


El Paso Corp. to sell oil, gas assets for $7.15B


Apollo agrees $7.2bn deal for El Paso unit
[at Financial Times] - A group led by Apollo Global Management, the private equity group, has agreed a deal for El Paso Corp's oil and gas exploration unit for $7.15bn.

[video] No Huddle Offense: Don't Buy Corporate Bonds
[at CNBC] - Mad Money host Jim Cramer explains how in a low rate environment, some investors turn to corporate bonds in a rush for yield, and fail to recognize the fundamental ability of companies to reinvent themselves ...

Fire at Louisiana Natural-Gas Plant Is Under Control, KATC says


[$$] El Paso to Sell Production Business for $7.15 Billion


Apollo Global-Led Group Agrees to Buy El Pasos Oil Unit for $7.15 Billion


El Paso to Sell Exploration and Production Company
[Business Wire] - El Paso Corporation today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its exploration and production business, EP Energy Corporation , for approximately $7.15 billion to affiliates of Apollo Global Management, LLC and Riverstone Holdings, LLC, who are joined by Access Industries, Inc.

UPDATE 1-Fire at CDM Max natgas plant in Louisiana - police


El Paso Pipeline Partners to Release 2011 Results on February 27, 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - El Paso Pipeline Partners, L.P. will release fourth quarter 2011 and full-year 2011 financial and operational results before the market opens on Monday, February 27, 2012. Detailed financial ...

El Paso Corporation to Release 2011 Results on February 27, 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - El Paso Corporation will release fourth quarter 2011 and full-year 2011 financial and operational results before the market opens on Monday, February 27, 2012. Detailed financial and operational ...

2 Dividend Picks from Billionaire Leon Cooperman


Energy Transfer Partners At A Crossroad: Proceed With Caution


Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. Filed Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission
[Business Wire] - Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. announced today that the Partnership filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2012.

The Morning Leverage: Private Equity Responds To Shipping's Distress Call


Williams Companies Goes Negative


Report: El Paso Eyes $7B Sale of Unit to Apollo-Led Group


Cheniere Energy Partners Reports Fourth Quarter and YE 2011 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, Feb. 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- For the quarter and year ended December 31, 2011, Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. ("Cheniere Partners") (NYSE Amex: CQP) reported a net loss of $7.5 million ...

Copano Energy 2011 Schedule K-1s Available
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, Feb. 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Copano Energy, L.L.C. (NASDAQ: CPNO - News) announced today that it has completed the 2011 tax packages for its unitholders, including Schedule K-1s. The tax packages are ...

Apollo Group Said to Be Near Deal to Buy El Paso Oil Unit for $7 Billion


[$$] Apollo Group Nears El Paso Unit Deal


Deal Nears for El Paso Exploration Unit


California Gasoline Jumps on Unplanned Work at Valero, BP Plants


World Fuel Services Shares Plunged: What You Need to Know


Tesoro Poised at Neutral


Universal Bioenergy Announces Record Sales of $71.74 Million For 2011 -- Achieves 73.75% in Annual Growth
[GlobeNewswire] - IRVINE, Calif. -- Universal Bioenergy Inc., (Pink Sheets:UBRG), a publicly traded independent diversified energy company, announced today that it set a new all time peak and a new record in sales revenue ...

Refining Stocks: A Cheap Way To Play The Oil Sector


Hess Still Has 35% More To Surge, Outperforming Exxon


U.S. House sets date to discuss Northeastern refinery closures


Icahn Gets Creative on CVR Energy Bid


Valero Energy Corporation Board of Directors Elects New Member
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - SAN ANTONIO, Feb. 24, 2012 - Valero Energy Corporation (NYSE: VLO - News) announced today that Philip J. Pfeiffer has been elected to the company`s board of directors, bringing the number of directors to 12. ...

Newfield Exploration Company Gets Oily In 2012


World Fuel Services Increases Sales but Misses Revenue Estimate


Cash Dividend On The Way From Alon USA Energy Inc (ALJ)


Universal Bioenergy's NDR Energy Group in Advanced Negotiations for Joint Venture for Gas Storage Services


RedChip Research Issues Research Update on Longwei Petroleum
[GlobeNewswire] - ORLANDO, Fla. -- RedChip ResearchTM, a division of RedChip Companies, Inc., today announced it has issued a research update on Longwei Petroleum Investment Holding, Ltd. (NYSE Amex:LPH), a diesel, gasoline, ...

Marathon Petroleum Corporation Urges Shareholders to Reject Tender Offer by TRC Capital Corporation
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - FINDLAY, Ohio, Feb. 24, 2012 - Marathon Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: MPC - News) has received notification of an unsolicited mini-tender offer by TRC Capital Corporation (TRC Capital) to purchase up to 2,000,000 ...

Western Refining's Management Present at Credit Suisse Energy Summit Conference (Transcript)
[at Seeking Alpha] - Western Refining's Management Present at Credit Suisse Energy Summit Conference (Transcript)

Sunoco, Inc. (SUN)


Tesoro to shut Wash. refinery units for repair-filing


Los Angeles Gasoline Rises After California Fuel Supply Drops


Valero Restarting Units at Wilimington Refinery, Spokesman Says


World Fuel Services Corporation Reports Record Full Year Net Income
[Business Wire] - World Fuel Services Corporation , a leading global fuel logistics company, principally engaged in the marketing, sale and distribution of aviation, marine and land fuel products and related services, today reported full year net income of $194.0 million or $2.71 diluted earnings per share compared to $146.9 million or $2.31 diluted earnings per share in 2010.

CVR Partners' Future In Limbo


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.576
[3.45, 3.49, 3.64, 3.65, 3.65]

Indianapolis
3.586
[3.58, 3.58, 3.59, 3.59, 3.59]

USA Average
3.63

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
109.62

Brent Prices
125.44
