This file created: April-25 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Supreme Court takes up Arizona immigration law
WASHINGTON (AP)  Supreme Court justices strongly suggested Wednesday that they are ready to allow Arizona to enforce part of a controversial state law requiring police officers to check the immigration status of people they think are in the country illegally.

Rubio elevating profile amid VP speculation
WASHINGTON (AP)  Sen. Marco Rubio outlined his vision Wednesday of a more muscular American foreign policy, the latest salvo in his effort to elevate his profile as Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney begins his search for a running mate.

FACT CHECK: Romney on his dad growing up poor
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney likes to talk on the campaign trail about how his father "grew up poor," but that's not the whole story.

Of food supply risks, mad cow's not high on list
WASHINGTON (AP)  If the mad cow found in California has you wondering about food safety, well, there are plenty of problems that pose serious risks to the food supply. But mad cow disease shouldn't be high on the worry list.

Speaker: House to vote Friday on student loans
WASHINGTON (AP)  In an escalating election-year clash, the House will vote Friday on a $5.9 billion Republican bill preventing interest rates on federal student loans from doubling this summer, paid for by cutting money from President Barack Obama's health care overhaul law.

Parents wire kids to prove teachers' verbal abuse
CHERRY HILL, N.J. (AP)  Teachers hurled insults like "bastard," ''tard," ''damn dumb" and "a hippo in a ballerina suit." A bus driver threatened to slap one child, while a bus monitor told another, "Shut up, you little dog."

Marines discharge sergeant for Facebook posts
SAN DIEGO (AP)  A sergeant will be discharged for criticizing President Barack Obama on Facebook in a case that called into question the Pentagon's policies about social media and its limits on the speech of active duty military personnel, the Marine Corps said Wednesday.

NY woman admits faking cancer in wedding scheme
GOSHEN, N.Y. (AP)  A New York woman admitted Wednesday that she faked cancer to con donors out of money and services for her wedding and Caribbean honeymoon.

APNewsBreak: Fireball remnants likely in Calif.
RENO, Nev. (AP)  Tiny meteorites found in the Sierra foothills of northern California were part of a giant fireball that exploded over the weekend with about one-third the explosive force of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima in World War II, scientists said Wednesday.

Speaker: House to vote Friday on student loans
WASHINGTON (AP)  In an escalating election-year clash, the House will vote Friday on a $5.9 billion Republican bill preventing interest rates on federal student loans from doubling this summer, paid for by cutting money from President Barack Obama's health care overhaul law.

Burger King makes cage-free eggs, pork promise
In a boost to animal welfare activists looking to get livestock out of cramped cages, Burger King will be the first major U.S. fast-food chain to give all of its chickens and pigs some room to roam.

Senate votes to slow closing of post offices
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Senate offered a lifeline to the nearly bankrupt U.S. Postal Service on Wednesday, voting to give the struggling agency an $11 billion cash infusion while delaying controversial decisions on closing post offices and ending Saturday delivery.

Ex-aide: Edwards denied knowing of payoffs
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP)  John Edwards drove erratically in a borrowed black SUV down rural North Carolina roads, as his once-trusted aide tried to keep up. The former presidential contender pulled into a secluded dead-end road and beckoned for the aide, Andrew Young, to get in.

TSA defends pat-down of 4-year-old at Kan. airport
WICHITA, Kan. (AP)  The grandmother of a 4-year-old girl who became hysterical during a security screening at a Kansas airport said Wednesday that the child was forced to undergo a pat-down after hugging her, with security agents yelling and calling the crying girl an uncooperative suspect.

Ex-VA hospital official faults mental health care
WASHINGTON (AP)  Veterans are waiting too long for mental health care and are unaware that hospitals sometimes manipulate records in an attempt to make it appear that standards are being met, a former Veterans Affairs hospital official told senators Wednesday.

Obama to kick off campaign rallies in Ohio, Va.
WASHINGTON (AP)  Diving into campaign mode full-bore, President Barack Obama will headline his first re-election rallies next week, marking an important turning point in the race for the White House.

Parents wire kids to prove teachers' verbal abuse
CHERRY HILL, N.J. (AP)  Teachers hurled insults like "bastard," ''tard," ''damn dumb" and "a hippo in a ballerina suit." A bus driver threatened to slap one child, while a bus monitor told another, "Shut up, you little dog."

Napolitano: Secret Service scandal 'inexcusable'
WASHINGTON (AP)  Conflicting images of the Secret Service and new questions about the military's handling of the prostitution scandal in Colombia emerged on Capitol Hill on Wednesday.

TSA screeners charged in LA drug trafficking probe
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Duane Eleby, a suspected drug courier, was all set to sneak 10 pounds of cocaine through a security checkpoint at Los Angeles International Airport last February with the help of a former Transportation Security Administration employee and a screener.

France raises prospect of military action in Syria
BEIRUT (AP)  France raised the prospect of military intervention in Syria on Wednesday, saying the U.N. should consider harsher measures if an international peace plan that has been shaken by violence ultimately collapses.

I'm not that powerful, Rupert Murdoch tells judge
LONDON (AP)  News Corp. chairman Rupert Murdoch said Wednesday that his globe-spanning TV and newspaper empire doesn't carry as much political sway as is often believed, telling a British inquiry into media ethics that he wasn't the power behind the throne often depicted by his enemies.

Breivik's publicity at trial just what he wanted
WARSAW, Poland (AP)  As Anders Behring Breivik has given shocking and remorseless accounts to a Norwegian court of how he massacred 77 people, his testimony has revived a debate about how much of a public platform mass-murderers should be given in trials.

In fiery crash, challenges of Nigeria exposed
LAGOS, Nigeria (AP)  Government corruption and deteriorating roads caused a fiery multiple car and truck crash in Nigeria that killed at least 18 people in 2010, a coroner said Wednesday, highlighting major challenges facing Africa's most populous nation.

AP Interview: Iraqi Kurd leader hints at secession
IRBIL, Iraq (AP)  The president of Iraq's self-rule Kurdish region demanded Wednesday that Shiite leaders agree on sharing power with their political opponents by September or else the Kurds could consider breaking away from Baghdad.

Draghi says Europe needs growth pact
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP)  European Central Bank head Mario Draghi gave a muted outlook for the European economy and called for a "growth compact" to restore lost competitiveness across Europe.

Egypt Islamic body backs Brotherhood candidate
CAIRO (AP)  A panel of fundamentalist Islamic clerics on Wednesday endorsed the candidate of the Muslim Brotherhood for president of Egypt, an attempt to prevent a split of the conservative Muslim voters.

Wills, Kate attend 'African Cats' London premiere
LONDON (AP)  Prince William and his wife Kate were guests of honor at the U.K. premiere of Disneynature's "African Cats" on Wednesday.

Israel marks 64 years of independence
JERUSALEM (AP)  Israelis celebrated their country's 64th anniversary Wednesday with fireworks and military processions at a national ceremony in Jerusalem.

6 reasons it's the Year of Big Money in politics
WASHINGTON (AP)  Sure, there's always handwringing about money in politics. This time really is different, though  the first presidential race since the courts changed the rules, clearing the way for secret cash and freeing billionaires and businesses to write multimillion-dollar checks for their favorite candidates. It's the Year of Big Money.

Obama raising money at $35,800-a-ticket event
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama is back in Washington from a three-state trip courting young voters in time to raise money from big-dollar donors.

THE RACE: Exiting presidential race can be painful
Dropping out is hard to do. It's been especially hard for Newt Gingrich and Ron Paul.

Gingrich to end presidential campaign next week
WASHINGTON (AP)  Newt Gingrich began taking steps Wednesday to shut down his debt-laden White House bid, setting the stage to endorse one-time rival Mitt Romney next week and rally Republicans behind their apparent nominee.

Obama campaign returning donations from L.A. man
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Obama campaign is returning donations from a Los Angeles hedge fund manager who is accused by the government of operating a Ponzi scheme.

FACT CHECK: Romney on his dad growing up poor
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney likes to talk on the campaign trail about how his father "grew up poor," but that's not the whole story.

Romney moves to coordinate campaign with GOP
WASHINGTON (AP)  A day after claiming the title of Republican presidential nominee, Mitt Romney moved aggressively Wednesday to coordinate with the Republican National Committee to intensify his fight against President Barack Obama. One-time bitter GOP rivals looked to be coalescing behind the former Massachusetts governor.

Rubio elevating profile amid VP speculation
WASHINGTON (AP)  Sen. Marco Rubio outlined his vision Wednesday of a more muscular American foreign policy, the latest salvo in his effort to elevate his profile as Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney begins his search for a running mate.

House backs bill capping gov't spending on junkets
WASHINGTON (AP)  Outraged by lavish government conferences on the taxpayers' tab, the House easily approved a measure Wednesday to impose tough limits on future events and how much agencies can spend as well as to create a one-stop system for Americans to track where federal dollars go.

Speaker: House to vote Friday on student loans
WASHINGTON (AP)  In an escalating election-year clash, the House will vote Friday on a $5.9 billion Republican bill preventing interest rates on federal student loans from doubling this summer, paid for by cutting money from President Barack Obama's health care overhaul law.

Bernanke: Fed could act again to stimulate economy
WASHINGTON (AP)  Content for now with the current course, Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke left open the possibility Wednesday that the Fed will take further action to stimulate the economy and reduce unemployment  but not at the cost of high inflation.

Apple's blowout quarter propels Nasdaq to big gain
NEW YORK (AP)  The Nasdaq composite index shot 2 percent higher Wednesday, powered by a surge in Apple. The iPhone maker's stock climbed $50 after the company once again blew past Wall Street's profit forecasts.

Apple CEO Tim Cook emerges from Steve Jobs' shadow
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple CEO Tim Cook has long seen as the humorless and unemotional guy running the show from behind the scenes. But he is beginning to reveal a more assertive and eloquent side, hinting that he's learning to shoulder more of Steve Jobs' role as a front man and leader.

Delta, US Airways see strong travel demand
MINNEAPOLIS (AP)  Rising fares haven't kept passengers away, judging by financial results at Delta Air Lines and US Airways.

I'm not that powerful, Rupert Murdoch tells judge
LONDON (AP)  News Corp. chairman Rupert Murdoch said Wednesday that his globe-spanning TV and newspaper empire doesn't carry as much political sway as is often believed, telling a British inquiry into media ethics that he wasn't the power behind the throne often depicted by his enemies.

Burger King makes cage-free eggs, pork promise
In a boost to animal welfare activists looking to get livestock out of cramped cages, Burger King will be the first major U.S. fast-food chain to give all of its chickens and pigs some room to roam.

Minn. AG cites Accretive for debt tactics
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP)  An Illinois medical debt collection company routinely pressured patients in Minnesota hospitals to pay for services before treatment was given, going so far as to collect at a patient's bedside and in some cases leading patients to decide to skip treatment, according to a report from the Minnesota attorney general.

Watson buying generic drugmaker Actavis for $5.6B
PARSIPPANY, N.J. (AP)  Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc. is buying another generic drugmaker, Switzerland's Actavis Group, for about $5.6 billion in a move that will make Watson in the world's third-biggest generic drugmaker.

Apple CEO Tim Cook emerges from Steve Jobs' shadow
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple CEO Tim Cook has long seen as the humorless and unemotional guy running the show from behind the scenes. But he is beginning to reveal a more assertive and eloquent side, hinting that he's learning to shoulder more of Steve Jobs' role as a front man and leader.

Ancestry.com acquiring Archives.com for $100M
PROVO, Utah (AP)  Ancestry.com Inc. will acquire rival family history website Archives.com for about $100 million in cash and assumed liabilities, the companies announced Wednesday.

Sprint loss widens on Nextel, iPhone lifts sales
NEW YORK (AP)  The iPhone boosted struggling Sprint Nextel Corp. in the latest quarter, letting it beat AT&T and perhaps even Verizon in recruiting high-paying phone subscribers to the Sprint network.

Shutterfly stock flies on Eastman Kodak deal
NEW YORK (AP)  Shutterfly's stock climbed after the online photo publishing company emerged as the sole and thus the likely winning bidder for Eastman Kodak's online photo services business.

Spidey foes to rattle 'Amazing Spider-Man' game
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Spider-Man must contend with more than just a lizard in his latest video game adventure.

White House threatens veto of cybersecurity bill
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Obama administration on Wednesday threatened to veto a House bill designed to defend critical U.S. industries and corporate networks from electronic attacks by foreign governments, cybercriminals and terrorist groups, arguing the measure falls short in protecting civil liberties.

First wizards, now pirates for online game maker
NEW YORK (AP)  For one online game maker, pirates evolved from wizards.

Facebook strengthens security with partnerships
NEW YORK (AP)  Facebook is strengthening its security controls in an attempt to protect its 900 million users from spam and malicious content.

Apple trumps expectations, sells 35M iPhones in 2Q
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple Inc., the world's most valuable company, trumped skeptics once again by reporting blowout iPhone sales.

Google launches storage service for personal files
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP)  Google is hoping to build the world's largest digital filing cabinet in the latest attempt to deepen people's dependence on its services.

Study: Antarctic ice melting from warm water below
WASHINGTON (AP)  Antarctica's massive ice shelves are shrinking because they are being eaten away from below by warm water, a new study finds. That suggests that future sea levels could rise faster than many scientists have been predicting.

APNewsBreak: Fireball remnants likely in Calif.
RENO, Nev. (AP)  Tiny meteorites found in the Sierra foothills of northern California were part of a giant fireball that exploded over the weekend with about one-third the explosive force of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima in World War II, scientists said Wednesday.

Ohio man's fossil find in Kentucky stumps experts
DAYTON, Ohio (AP)  Experts are trying to figure out what a fossil dubbed "Godzillus" used to be.

Smokey Bear becomes next space crew's mascot
STAR CITY, Russia (AP)  An American astronaut heading to the International Space Station has chosen Smokey Bear as his crew's mascot.

Swiss scientists demonstrate mind-controlled robot
LAUSANNE, Switzerland (AP)  Swiss scientists have demonstrated how a partially paralyzed person can control a robot by thought alone, a step they hope will one day allow immobile people to interact with their surroundings through so-called avatars.

Asteroids may yield precious metals, cosmic riches
SEATTLE (AP)  Using space-faring robots to mine precious metals from asteroids almost sounds easy when former astronaut Tom Jones describes it  practically like clearing a snow-covered driveway.

Private company delays 1st space station visit
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP)  A private U.S. company has delayed launching a cargo ship to the International Space Station.

AP Photos: Earth Day observed around the world
An Indian boy plays in the polluted waters of the Yamuna River in New Delhi. Women wearing leaves and flowers ready for a celebration in Barcelona. A girl holds a poster calling for water conservation amid a rain storm in Washington.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Endeavour Schedules 2012 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Web Cast
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Endeavour International Corporation (END) (ENDV.L) will host a conference call and web cast to discuss its 2012 first quarter financial and operating results ...

Halcon buys Bakken gas play


Callon Petroleum Company Announces First Quarter 2012 Reporting Date and Conference Call
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) today announced its first quarter 2012 results of operations will be released on Monday afternoon, May 7, 2012. A conference call discussing the results and current ...

Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation Announces First Quarter Profits, Record Quarterly Production Volumes
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) today announced an improvement in first quarter profits over last year, driven primarily from continued expansion of the ...

Cabot Oil & Gas Provides Operations Update, Reports Success in Marcellus, Marmaton and Eagle Ford
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) today announced the successful commencement of Marcellus production in its 7-mile step-out to the east at the Zick well pad, ...

Questar's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Questar's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Harwood Feffer LLP Announces Investigation of GeoResources, Inc.
[PR Newswire] - NEW YORK, April 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Harwood Feffer LLP ( www.hfesq.com ) is investigating potential claims against the board of directors of GeoResources, Inc. ("GeoResources" or the "Company") ...

UPDATE 2-Wyoming neighbors of Chesapeake well leak evacuate


3 Big Reasons To Be Bullish On Apache Now


Range Resources Corp Earnings: Loss Widens, Dragging Company Below Expectations


Range Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
[Business Wire] - RANGE RESOURCES CORPORATION today announced its first quarter 2012 results. Revenues for the first quarter 2012 totaled $247 million, a 16% increase over the prior year quarter.

Penn Virginia: Investor Patience Will Pay Dividends


Resolute Energy Corporation Announces Closing Of $250 Million Offering Of Senior Notes Due 2020
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, April 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Resolute Energy Corporation ("Resolute" or the "Company") (REN) announced today the closing of its private placement of $250 million in ...

Encana Up On EPS Surprise, Despite Low Nat Gas Price


Rosetta Resources Inc. Announces 1st Quarter 2012 Financial Conference Call
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Rosetta Resources Inc. ("Rosetta") announced today that it will hold its First Quarter 2012 Conference Call on Wednesday, May 9, 2012. The call will be hosted by Randy L. Limbacher, ...

Look to Talisman in Southeast Asia


Rosetta Resources, Inc. (ROSE) Shares Cross Above 200 DMA


Newman Ferrara LLP Investigates Chesapeake Energy Corp. for Possible Breaches of Fiduciary Duty
[Business Wire] - Newman Ferrara LLP has begun an investigation into whether certain officers and directors of Chesapeake Energy Corp. bre

UPDATE 1-Wyoming neighbors of leaking Chesapeake well evacuate


CNOOC Grows on Higher Prices


Hess profit in doubt on output


West Coast Diesel Strengthens After Regional Inventories Fall


Energy Business Review: Hess Stock Gets Slammed, Exxons New Dividend


Exxon is top dividend payer after 21 pct. increase


Chevron raises quarterly dividend by 11 percent


[$$] Russia, Italy's Eni Set Arctic-Oil Pact


Look to Talisman in Southeast Asia


Why ConocoPhillips Is A Buy When It Drops To $60 And Chevron To $90


Final Glance: Oil companies


Conoco reports flaring at Ponca City refinery


3 Oil And Gas Majors That Could Surge On New Fields


Encana Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Encana Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Judge hears details of Gulf oil spill settlement


Chevron Ups Dividend by 11.1% to $0.90


Ecopetrol Announces Timing for the Earnings Release and Webcast of the First Quarter 2012


Ecopetrol Announces Timing for the Earnings Release and Webcast of the First Quarter 2012
[PR Newswire] - BOGOTA, Colombia, April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Ecopetrol S.A. (NYSE: EC; BVC: ECOPETROL; TSX: ECP), will release on Monday, April 30th, 2012 after the markets close its results for the first quarter ...

[video] Powering Your Portfolio


Hess says to lag Bakken oil target, shares fall


Exxons New Dividend Sets a World Record


Encana Up On EPS Surprise, Despite Low Nat Gas Price


CNOOC Grows on Higher Prices


ConocoPhillips: The Last Snapshot of Them Together


[$$] BP's Spill Settlement Set to Clear a Hurdle


Halcon buys Bakken gas play


UPDATE 1-Whiting Petroleum profit misses estimates


QEP Resources' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - QEP Resources' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

BP Oil Spill Judge Leaning Toward Pact Approval


Looking For High Yield In The Energy Sector


Parker Drilling Company Announces Closing of Sale of $125 million 9 1/8% Senior Notes due 2018
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Parker Drilling Company (PKD) (Company) today announced that it has closed its previously announced sale of $125 million aggregate principal amount of 9 1/8% ...

Why Nabors Industries Shares Jumped


Nabors Industries' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Nabors Industries' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Nabors Rises After Beating Estimates in Alaska: Dallas Mover


Whiting Petroleum Corporation Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial and Operating Results
[Business Wire] - Whiting Petroleum Corporations production in the first quarter of 2012 totaled a record 7.348 million barrels of oil equivalent , of which 85% were crude oil/natural gas liquids.

QEP Resources Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


Nabors Industries Crushes Earnings Estimates


BreitBurn Energy to buy oil properties for $98M


Why GeoResources' Shares Popped


Nabors Posts an Impressive 1Q


Federman & Sherwood Investigates GeoResources, Inc. for Possible Breaches of Fiduciary Duty
[Business Wire] - The law firm of Federman & Sherwood has initiated an investigation into Houston-based GeoResources, Inc. with respect to possible breaches of fi

UPDATE 1-Nabors sees pressure pump dip worse than rig count


Bill Barrett draws bulls before earnings


Kendall Law Group Investigates GeoResources, Inc.
[Business Wire] - Kendall Law Group, led by former federal judge Joe Kendall, is investigating GeoResources, Inc. for shareholders in connection with the proposed acquisition by Halcn Resources Corporation.

4-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: Diamond Offshore


[$$] Handicapping Earnings for Shale Companies


[$$] Cattle Futures Gain Ground After Mad-Cow Selling Spree


Mexico Oil Opening First Time Since 1938 Shows Revival: Energy


Tesco Corporation Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Date and Conference Call Information
[PR Newswire] - Trading Symbol:"TESO" on NASDAQHOUSTON, April 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ - Tesco Corporation has scheduled a conference call to discuss its First Quarter 2012 financial results on Friday, May 4, 2012 ...

Tesco Corporation Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Date and Conference Call Information


Nabors Becomes Latest Oil Services Firm To Blow Through Estimates


UPDATE 1-Oceaneering 1st-qtr beats Street, dividend up


FMC Technologies Completes Acquisition of Schilling Robotics
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- FMC Technologies, Inc. (FTI) announced today that it has completed the transaction to acquire the remaining 55% of the outstanding shares of Schilling Robotics ...

BP Oil Spill Judge Leaning Toward Pact Approval


FMC Tech Misses EPS, Beats Revenue


Oceaneering Announces Record First Quarter Earnings
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Oceaneering International, Inc. (OII) today reported record first quarter earnings for the period ended March 31, 2012. On revenue of $594.9 million, Oceaneering ...

National Oilwell Varco Inc. (NOV): Today's Featured Basic Materials Loser


Oceaneering Declares Increase in Quarterly Dividend
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Oceaneering International, Inc. (OII) announced today that its Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.18 per common share, an increase ...

Compressco Partners, L.P. Announces Resignation Of Chief Financial Officer
[PR Newswire] - OKLAHOMA CITY, April 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Compressco Partners, L.P. (GSJK) announced today that Gary L. McBride has notified the board of directors of its general partner, Compressco Partners ...

Earnings Season Lessons About Oil-Field Services


BRIEF - Moody's disclosures on credit ratings of Cameron International


BP Spill Pact Should Be Approved, Plaintiffs Lawyer Argues


National Oilwell 1Q profit climbs 49 percent


National Oilwell Varco's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - National Oilwell Varco's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

National Oilwell Varco's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RPC's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - RPC's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Earnings Season Lessons About Oil-Field Services


Williams Companies and partnership 1Q profit up


ONEOK Partners: Pipeline MLP With Strong Growth And 4.6% Yield


TEXT-S&P cuts Maritimes & Northeast Pipeline to 'BBB-'


Williams Companies Inc Earnings: Beats Expectations


TC Pipelines CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - TC Pipelines CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Kinder Morgan to buy out KKR from El Paso JV for $300 million stock


Regency Energy Partners Announces Cash Distribution of 46 Cents Per Outstanding Common Unit
[Business Wire] - Regency Energy Partners LP , , announced today a cash distribution of 46 cents per outstanding common unit for the first quarter ended March 31, 2012.

UPDATE 1-Kinder Morgan to buy out KKR from El Paso JV for $300 mln stock


Williams profits rise on liquids margins


Holly Energy Partners Declares Distribution
[PR Newswire] - DALLAS, April 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP) has declared a cash distribution of $0.895 per unit for the first quarter of 2012. For the prior ...

El Paso Pipeline Partners LP (EPB) Shares Cross Above 200 DMA


Williams Reports First-Quarter 2012 Financial Results
[Business Wire] - Williams announced first-quarter 2012 unaudited net income attributable to Williams of $423 million, or $0.70 per share on a diluted basis, compared with net income of

Williams Partners Reports First-Quarter 2012 Financial Results
[Business Wire] - Williams Partners L.P. today announced unaudited first-quarter 2012 net income of $348 million, or $0.85 per common limited-partner unit, compared with first-quarter 20

Enbridge Inc. to Hold Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Issue First Quarter Results May 9
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Enbridge Inc. will hold its Annual Meeting of Shareholders in Toronto, Ontario on Wednesday, May 9, 2012. Earlier in the day, Enbridge will also host a conference call and webcast ...

Kinder Morgan buys oil and gas facilities from KKR


TC Pipelines Whiffs on Revenues


Four Dividend Growth Stocks That Are The Pillars Of My Portfolio


Kinder Morgan to purchase 50% stake in Natural Gas JV for $300M


Kinder Morgan to Purchase 50 Percent Interest in Natural Gas Joint Venture for $300 Million
[Business Wire] - Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, L.P. , today announced it has signed a definitive agreement with an investment vehicle affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., whereby KMP will purchase from KKR its 50 percent interest in the joint venture that owns the Altamont gathering, processing and treating assets and the Camino Real Gathering System for $300 million in KMP common units.

Questar Lags by a Penny, Tops Rev


NuStar Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - NuStar Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Hess profit in doubt on output


Hess says to lag Bakken oil target, shares fall


Marathon Oil Corporation Declares First Quarter 2012 Dividend
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Marathon Oil Corporation (MRO - News) announced today that theCompany's board of directors has declared a dividend of 17 centsper share on Marathon Oil Corporation common stock. The dividend ...

Update: The Conoco Phillips/Phillips 66 Spin-Off And A Buying Opportunity For Conoco Phillips


Hess Misses EPS in 1Q


ConocoPhillips: The Last Snapshot of Them Together


The Gory Details on Hess' Double Miss


Hess New Jersey refinery to add $45 million in smog controls
[Reuters] - Hess Corp has agreed to pay an $850,000 civil penalty and spend more than $45 million on new pollution controls to resolve Clean Air Act violations at its 70,000 barrels-per-day refinery in Port Reading, ...

UPDATE 1-Hess NJ refinery to add $45 mln in smog controls


[$$] IMF Sees Latin America Economic Growth Rising; Risks Remain


Hess falls nearly 8% on Bakken woes


Hess' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Hess' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Hess says Bakken growth slowing, shares fall


Hess NJ refinery to add $45 mln in smog controls


Marathon Petroleum Corporation Announces First-Quarter 2012 Dividend
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - FINDLAY, Ohio, April 25, 2012 - The board of directors of Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC) today declared a dividend of 25 cents per share on Marathon Petroleum Corporation common stock. The ...

Hess shares dip after changing production estimate


Hess settles clean air complaint in NJ


UPDATE 1-Hess says starts 25,000 BPD rail shipments to La.


Hess to Ship 25,000 Barrels a Day by Rail to Louisiana


Hess says starts 25,000 BPD rail shipments to La.


Russia to Cut Crude Export Duty Next Month on Urals Drop


Hess sees Bakken production below prior guidance


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.682
[3.66, 3.68, 3.69, 3.69, 3.69]

Indianapolis
3.664
[3.64, 3.67, 3.67, 3.67, 3.67]

USA Average
3.83

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
103.96

Brent Prices
119.12

