This file created: April-30 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Invisible man casts shadow over US-China talks
WASHINGTON (AP)  The blind Chinese lawyer at the center of a diplomatic storm between Washington and Beijing is a taboo topic in each capital. Neither side wants the biggest human-rights issue between the two since Tiananmen Square to disrupt high-level strategic and economic talks set to begin on Thursday.

Fresh attacks target symbols of Syrian state power
BEIRUT (AP)  In fresh attacks on symbols of state power, twin suicide bombs exploded Monday near a government security compound in northern Syria and rockets struck the central bank in Damascus, killing nine people and wounding 100.

AP EXCLUSIVE: US not reporting all Afghan attacks
WASHINGTON (AP)  The military is under-reporting the number of times that Afghan soldiers and police open fire on American and other foreign troops.

AAA: Inadequate guardrails at NY site where 7 died
NEW YORK (AP)  The section of highway where an accident sent seven members of a Bronx family flying over a guardrail and plummeting to their deaths has narrow lanes, steep hills, tight turns, inadequate guardrails and no breakdown lane, an auto safety group said Monday.

Obama: Marking bin Laden death isn't 'celebration'
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama gave a steely defense of his handling of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden and his use of it to burnish his re-election credentials a year later, saying Monday that it is appropriate to mark an anniversary that Republicans charge is being turned into a campaign bumper sticker.

Number of US newborns with drug withdrawal triples
CHICAGO (AP)  Less than a month old, Savannah Dannelley scrunches her tiny face into a scowl as a nurse gently squirts a dose of methadone into her mouth.

Time-lapse AP video shows Trade Center's rise
NEW YORK (AP)  Girder by girder, glass pane by glass pane, the rise of what is now New York City's tallest skyscraper was documented over the past year and a half in a time-lapse series of photographs by The Associated Press.

Ohio officials to return 5 exotic animals to widow
REYNOLDSBURG, Ohio (AP)  State officials will return five surviving exotic animals to a woman whose husband released dozens of wild creatures before committing suicide.

Delta buys a refinery in bid to cut its fuel bill
Delta Air Lines is buying a refinery in a novel  and some say risky  attempt to slice $300 million a year from its escalating jet fuel bill.

Parents cheer autism-friendly 'Mary Poppins'
NEW YORK (AP)  The afternoon performance of "Mary Poppins" was marked by loud yips, shouts and moans  and that was just fine.

AAA: Inadequate guardrails at NY site where 7 died
NEW YORK (AP)  The section of highway where an accident sent seven members of a Bronx family flying over a guardrail and plummeting to their deaths has narrow lanes, steep hills, tight turns, inadequate guardrails and no breakdown lane, an auto safety group said Monday.

Clemens' lawyer attacks 2008 congressional hearing
WASHINGTON (AP)  A federal court jury saw snippets of Roger Clemens denying steroid use at a now-famous 2008 congressional hearing, then listened Monday as Clemens' lawyer tried in fits and starts to declare that proceeding to be "nothing more than a show trial" that shouldn't have taken place.

Ocean race accidents stun sailors as probe deepens
SAN DIEGO (AP)  For 65 years, sailors have raced 125 nautical miles from Newport Beach, Calif., to Ensenada, Mexico, with expectations of a safe overnight voyage followed by beers at a popular cantina.

Obama: Marking bin Laden death isn't 'celebration'
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama gave a steely defense of his handling of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden and his use of it to burnish his re-election credentials a year later, saying Monday that it is appropriate to mark an anniversary that Republicans charge is being turned into a campaign bumper sticker.

US May Day protests planned, may disrupt commutes
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  May Day protests may disrupt the morning commute in major U.S. cities Tuesday as labor, immigration and Occupy activists rally support on the international workers' holiday.

Wife of Edwards aide breaks down on witness stand
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP)  The wife of an ex-aide to John Edwards broke down on the witness stand Monday as she recounted how the candidate asked the couple to hide an affair he was having and justified using wealthy donors' money to do it.

Top EPA official resigns over 'crucify' comment
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Obama administration's top environmental official in the oil-rich South Central region has resigned after Republicans targeted him over remarks made two years ago when he used the word "crucify" to describe how he would go after companies violating environmental laws.

Time-lapse AP video shows Trade Center's rise
NEW YORK (AP)  Girder by girder, glass pane by glass pane, the rise of what is now New York City's tallest skyscraper was documented over the past year and a half in a time-lapse series of photographs by The Associated Press.

Wisconsin governor raises $13 million in recall
MADISON, Wis. (AP)  Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker's campaign says he raised more than $13 million from mid-January through last week as he fights a recall effort.

Number of US newborns with drug withdrawal triples
CHICAGO (AP)  Less than a month old, Savannah Dannelley scrunches her tiny face into a scowl as a nurse gently squirts a dose of methadone into her mouth.

Running blind: China activist's dramatic escape
BEIJING (AP)  Chen Guangcheng's blindness was a help and a hindrance as he made his way past the security cordon ringing his farmhouse.

Fresh attacks target symbols of Syrian state power
BEIRUT (AP)  In fresh attacks on symbols of state power, twin suicide bombs exploded Monday near a government security compound in northern Syria and rockets struck the central bank in Damascus, killing nine people and wounding 100.

Junta spokesman: Countercoup attempt in Mali
BAMAKO, Mali (AP)  Soldiers loyal to the former government tried to stage a countercoup in Mali on Monday, a spokesman for Mali's military junta said.

Bahrain orders retrial for hunger striker, others
MANAMA, Bahrain (AP)  A Bahrain court Monday ordered retrials for a prominent hunger striker and 20 others convicted by a military-led tribunal in crackdowns against a 14-month-old uprising in the Gulf kingdom.

Uganda suggests Joseph Kony getting Sudan support
KAMPALA, Uganda (AP)  Ugandan officials are renewing a claim made with some frequency over the years: That rebel leader Joseph Kony and his Lord's Resistance Army are receiving backing from the government of Sudan.

Pakistanis dead; got 'blood money' in CIA killing
ISLAMABAD (AP)  The widow and mother-in-law of a Pakistani man killed by a CIA contractor last year were murdered Monday, allegedly by the widow's father who may have feared she would remarry and take the "blood money" she received with her, police said.

UN debating how to end Sudan-South Sudan fight
UNITED NATIONS (AP)  Diplomats from key nations are trying to reach agreement quickly on a new U.N. resolution that would threaten non-military sanctions against Sudan or South Sudan if they don't halt fighting and return to negotiations.

French Muslims get call to vote for president
PARIS (AP)  They are France's millions-strong minority with a voice that usually falls silent at election time. But this year, there is a special new effort to mobilize French Muslims to speak up at the ballot box in Sunday's presidential race  amid a surge of Islam-bashing among the French right.

Problems in pacifying Rio de Janeiro slums
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP)  Jose Martins de Oliveira has lived with plenty of weapons and violence during his 45 years in the sprawling hillside shantytown of Rocinha. For most of that time, it was drug traffickers who controlled the giant slum with brutal force.

Moderate Islamist gains in presidential race
CAIRO (AP)  A moderate Islamist campaigning to be Egypt's next president has won the support of some unlikely allies  the country's most conservative religious groups, including former militant jihadists.

Obama: Marking bin Laden death isn't 'celebration'
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama gave a steely defense of his handling of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden and his use of it to burnish his re-election credentials a year later, saying Monday that it is appropriate to mark an anniversary that Republicans charge is being turned into a campaign bumper sticker.

In Mass. US Senate race, a question of heritage
BOSTON (AP)  The U.S. Senate campaign pitting Massachusetts Republican Sen. Scott Brown and likely Democratic challenger Elizabeth Warren has taken an unexpected turn by delving into whether Warren has claimed Native American heritage in her academic career.

THE RACE: Gas price drop may offer political bonus
You wouldn't know it from campaign rhetoric, but gasoline prices have been trending down.

Obama and Romney: Where they stand on the issues
WASHINGTON (AP)  A look at where Democratic President Barack Obama and Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney stand on a selection of issues:

Romney says he would have ordered bin Laden killed
PORTSMOUTH, N.H. (AP)  Once a moment of national unity, the political battle over Osama bin Laden's death intensified Monday as presumptive Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney sought to minimize the role President Barack Obama has carved out for himself in killing the terrorist leader.

Wisconsin governor raises $13 million in recall
MADISON, Wis. (AP)  Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker has raised more than $13 million in three months for a recall election, a jaw-dropping feat that easily shattered the fundraising record he set last year.

Obama criticizes GOP in speech to union members
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama is rallying union workers by painting a bleak portrait of America's infrastructure. He blames Republicans for focusing on tax cutting rather than creating jobs by updating and rebuilding highways, railroads and airports.

Obama's new campaign slogan: 'Forward'
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama has a new campaign slogan: "Forward."

Obama, Clintons deepen political and policy ties
McLEAN, Va. (AP)  There were no bear hugs on display, but President Barack Obama and former President Bill Clinton looked relaxed and friendly as they began a summer fundraising blitz that demonstrates their shared hopes for Democratic victory despite past differences.

Romney says Chinese activist should be protected
WASHINGTON (AP)  Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney says the U.S. should do everything it can to protect a Chinese activist who escaped house arrest and was reported to be hiding in the U.S. embassy in Beijing.

Groupon replaces 2 directors
CHICAGO (AP)  Online deals company Groupon Inc. said Monday that it will replace two board members with executives from American Express Co. and accounting firm Deloitte LLP.

Tech exec gets 22 years in prison for $30M fraud
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  A former high-tech executive convicted of defrauding investors of at least $30 million was sentenced Monday to 22 years in prison after a judge denounced him for fleecing nearly 100 victims to finance an "obscene lifestyle" of private jets, gaudy jewelry and Swiss bank accounts.

B&N, Microsoft team up on Nook, college businesses
NEW YORK (AP)  Books and bits united Monday as Microsoft provided an infusion of money to help Barnes & Noble compete with top electronic bookseller Amazon. In exchange, Microsoft gets a long-desired foothold in the business of e-books and college textbooks.

Energy Transfer Partners to buy Sunoco for $5.3B
NEW YORK (AP)  Energy Transfer Partners is buying Sunoco in a $5.3 billion deal that creates one of the more diverse pipeline companies in the country.

Dow, S&P 500 slip as Spain enters recession
NEW YORK (AP)  News that Spain had entered another recession renewed worries about the fragility of Europe's finances Monday and nudged stocks lower. The market ended its first losing month this year.

US consumer spending slowed in March, income rose
WASHINGTON (AP)  Americans increased their spending more slowly in March, a sign that scant pay increases may be causing consumers to become more cautious.

Delta buys a refinery in bid to cut its fuel bill
Delta Air Lines is buying a refinery in a novel  and some say risky  attempt to slice $300 million a year from its escalating jet fuel bill.

Hologic to buy Gen-Probe for about $3.72B
Medical device maker Hologic Inc. has agreed to buy diagnostic test maker Gen-Probe Inc. for about $3.72 billion, expanding its portfolio in an area of medicine expected to see big growth.

World Trade Center is back on top in NYC
NEW YORK (AP)  One World Trade Center, the monolith being built to replace the twin towers destroyed in the Sept. 11 attacks, claimed the title of New York City's tallest skyscraper on Monday, as workers erected steel columns that made its unfinished skeleton a little over 1,250 feet high, just enough to peek over the roof of the observation deck on the Empire State Building.

NYSE Euronext results falter on failed merger
NEW YORK (AP)  The exchange operator NYSE Euronext said Monday that its first-quarter earnings tumbled 44 percent on weaker trading and its failed combination with Deutsche Boerse AG.

Groupon replaces 2 directors
CHICAGO (AP)  Online deals company Groupon Inc. said Monday that it will replace two board members with executives from American Express Co. and accounting firm Deloitte LLP.

B&N, Microsoft team up on Nook, college businesses
NEW YORK (AP)  Books and bits united Monday as Microsoft provided an infusion of money to help Barnes & Noble compete with top electronic bookseller Amazon. In exchange, Microsoft gets a long-desired foothold in the business of e-books and college textbooks.

Jury begins deliberations in Oracle-Google trial
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  A jury has started deliberations in a closely watched copyright infringement trial pitting Oracle against Google.

Yahoo to double Olympics presence in London
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Yahoo plans to double its Olympics presence this summer, aiming to be the top website for the fourth straight Games.

Pepsi partners with Twitter for online concerts
NEW YORK (AP)  PepsiCo Inc. is tweeting to a new generation of music lovers.

UK court tells service providers: Block Pirate Bay
LONDON (AP)  Britain's High Court has ordered the country's Internet service providers to block file-sharing website The Pirate Bay, the U.K.'s main music industry association said Monday.

Report: Apple legally sidesteps billions in taxes
NEW YORK (AP)  A published report says Apple Inc. uses subsidiaries in Ireland, the Netherlands and other low-tax nations as part of a strategy that enables the technology giant to cut its global tax bill by billions of dollars every year.

Pirate party makes a raid on German politics
BERLIN (AP)  Pirates are capturing Germany's political system.

Samsung coyness puts smartphone crown in dispute
NEW YORK (AP)  Smartphones are the hottest gadgets in the world. But who's the biggest smartphone maker? We don't really know.

FCC requires TV stations to post rate info online
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Federal Communications Commission has voted to require TV stations to post online the advertising rates they charge political candidates and advocacy groups.

Dolphin spends third day in California wetlands
HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. (AP)  A wayward dolphin is spending a third straight day in a narrow wetlands channel along the Southern California coast, under the watchful eyes of wildlife experts.

Holstein with mad cow disease was lame, lying down
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  The California dairy cow found to have mad cow disease was very old for a milk producer and had been euthanized after it became lame and started lying down, federal officials revealed in their latest update on the discovery.

Space shuttle arrives in NYC; crowds watch in awe
NEW YORK (AP)  In a city understandably wary of low-flying aircraft, New Yorkers and tourists alike watched with joy and excitement Friday as space shuttle Enterprise sailed over the skyline on its final flight before it becomes a museum piece.

Soyuz craft carrying three-man crew lands safely
ALMATY, Kazakhstan (AP)  A Soyuz space capsule carrying two Russians and an American touched down safely Friday on the sweeping steppes of central Kazakhstan, ending the men's 163-day stay on the International Space Station.

Student researcher spies odd lava spirals on Mars
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A researcher has spotted lava flows shaped like coils of rope near the equator of Mars, the first time such geologic features have been discovered outside of Earth.

Study: Ancient migrants spread farming in Europe
NEW YORK (AP)  Thousands of years ago, farming spread across Europe and replaced the hunter-gatherer lifestyle of early inhabitants. Now a study of ancient DNA says that trend was driven by farmers moving from place to place.

Meteorites found in Calif. along path of fireball
RENO, Nev. (AP)  Robert Ward has been hunting and collecting meteorites for more than 20 years, so he knew he'd found something special in the Sierra foothills along the path of a flaming fireball that shook parts of Northern California and Nevada with a sonic boom over the weekend.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
IRS looking at Chesapeake's CEO well program-filing


UPDATE 1-IRS looking at Chesapeake's CEO well program-filing


Chesapeake Says IRS Reviewing CEO McClendons Well Investments


Rising oil prices boost Anadarko
[at Financial Times] - Anadarko, one of the largest US independent oil and gas groups, has reported a 30 per cent rise in underlying profits for the first quarter, as high oil prices offset weakness in North American natural ...

The Law Firm of Levi & Korsinsky Notifies Investors with Losses on Their Investment in Houston American Energy Corporation of Class Action Lawsuit and the Deadline of June 26, 2012 to Seek a Lead Plaintiff Position
[Business Wire] - Levi & Korsinsky announces that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas on behalf of investors who purc

Matador Resources Company Announces Date of First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release
[Business Wire] - Matador Resources Company today announced plans to release first quarter 2012 operational and financial results after the close of trading on Monday, May 14, 2012.

[$$] Anadarko's Profit Soars


Anadarko posts sharply higher 1Q profits


Anadarko Petroleum Corp Earnings: The Streak is Broken


REFILE-UPDATE 1-Forest Oil results miss estimates


UPDATE 1-Anadarko 1st-quarter profit up more than expected


Anadarko Net Income Climbs on Oil Prices, Algeria Settlement


Anadarko 1st-qtr profit rises, revenue up 6 pct


Gas Refineries Will Want Subsidies After Delta Deal: Pickens


Cabot Oil And Gas - First Quarter Of 2012 Review


Forest Oil Corp Earnings: Swinging to a Loss After Two Quarters of Profit


HKN Announces Amendment to Its Rights Agreement
[Marketwire] - DALLAS, TX-- - HKN, Inc. announced today that it has amended its existing Rights Agreement to accelerate the final expiration date of the rights issued thereunder from April 6, 2018 to May 30, 2012.The ...

Buy, Sell, or Hold: Heckmann


Anadarko profit soars on Algeria tax settlement


UPDATE 2-US EPA official resigns after crucifixion comment


Comstock Resources, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial and Operating Results
[PR Newswire] - FRISCO, Texas, April 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Comstock Resources, Inc. ("Comstock" or the "Company") (CRK) today reported financial and operating results for the three months ...

Forest Oil Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
[Business Wire] - Forest Oil Corporation today announced financial and operational results for the first quarter of 2012.

Japan's Mitsui, Mitsubishi to buy Australia LNG stake for $2 billion


Japan's Mitsui, Mitsubishi to buy Australia LNG stake for $2 bln


Ecopetrol Announces Its Results for the First Quarter of 2012


Ecopetrol Announces Its Results for the First Quarter of 2012
[PR Newswire] - BOGOTA, Colombia, April 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Ecopetrol S.A. (BVC: ECOPETROL; NYSE: EC; TSX:ECP) announced today its unaudited financial results, both consolidated and unconsolidated, for the first ...

Delta buys a refinery in bid to cut its fuel bill


Delta Refinery Q&A


Final Glance: Oil companies


BP's Stock Can Gush To $58 On Higher Oil Prices


UPDATE 1-US gasoline prices down 4 cents/gal in latest week


US Cash Crude-Differentials mixed after pipeline closure


Exxon Expects to Restart Portion of South Pipe This Week


Syncrude Rises to Strongest Against WTI This Year


Delta to buy oil refinery


Global Refining Faces Turbulent Times


Deltas Unprecedented New Deal


U.S. pipeline regulator probing Exxon pipeline leak
[Reuters] - The U.S. pipeline regulator is closely monitoring the shutdown of an Exxon Mobil pipeline after a leak in Louisiana over the weekend, an agency spokeswoman said on Monday. The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials ...

Exxon: Shut pipe no impact on Baton Rouge refinery


Ecopetrol S.A. Files 2011 SEC Annual Report


Ecopetrol S.A. Files 2011 SEC Annual Report
[PR Newswire] - BOGOTA, Colombia, April 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Ecopetrol S.A. (BVC: ECOPETROL; NYSE: EC; TSX: ECP), announced today that it had filed its annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December ...

Legacy Reserves LP Announces Acquisitions of Rockies Oil Properties for $70.8 Million and Additional Oil-Weighted Properties for $17.3 Million
[GlobeNewswire] - MIDLAND, Texas -- Legacy Reserves LP ("Legacy") today announced it has entered into an agreement to purchase oil properties in North Dakota and Montana for $70.8 million in cash. These properties ...

GeoMet Announces Management Changes and Engagement of Financial Advisor
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - GeoMet, Inc. announced that J. Darby Ser has resigned today as Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and as a Director of the Company to pursue other opportunities. The resignation ...

Constellation Energy Partners Schedules Conference Call to Discuss First Quarter 2012 Results
[Business Wire] - Constellation Energy Partners LLC announced today that it will host a conference call at 8:30 a.m. on Thursday, May 10, 2012 to discuss first quarter 2012 results.

The Law Firm of Levi & Korsinsky Notifies Investors with Losses on Their Investment in Hyperdynamics Corporation of Class Action Lawsuit and the Deadline of June 1, 2012 to Seek a Lead Plaintiff Position
[Business Wire] - Levi & Korsinsky announces that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division on behalf of

Dune Energy, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results


[$$] BP Expects to Spend $4 Billion a Year in Gulf


Sandridge Energy, Inc. Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for SD


In Rio, Transocean Rig 'Nearly Safe & Sound' After Worrisome Evacuation


Genel Energy CEO Hayward Sees Oil Prices in $100-$120 Range


BPZ Energy Exploring Peru's Oil Fields Attracts World-Class Partner


Key Analyst Upgrade Could Jolt This Sub $8 Energy Producer Forward


PostRock Announces First Quarter Earnings Call
[GlobeNewswire] - OKLAHOMA CITY -- PostRock Energy Corporation announced that it will host its quarterly webcast and conference call on Friday, May 11, 2012 at 10:00 a.m. Central Time. The live webcast will be accessible ...

SandRidge Mississippian Trust II Announces Distribution of $0.27 Per Unit
[Business Wire] - SANDRIDGE MISSISSIPPIAN TRUST II today announced a quarterly distribution for the three-month period ended March 31, 2012 of $13.3 million, or $0.267726 per unit.

Cheniere Energy: If You Must Buy, Wait For The Bears


Enerplus Announces Cash Dividend for May 2012


Weekly Performance Update On 6 Offshore Drilling Stocks


Samson Oil & Gas Lodges Quarterly Report and Appendix 5B
[Business Wire] - Samson Oil & Gas Limited advises that it has filed its March 2012 Quarterly Report and Appendix 5B with the ASX and this report is now available on th

Transocean Rig Evacuated In Rio de Janeiro


Transocean Evacuates Rig in Rio de Janeiro, Agencia Brasil Says


Patterson-UTI Energy Beats on Both Top and Bottom Lines


SeaDrill: Well-Positioned To Take Advantage Of Rising Offshore Dayrates


ExxonMobil Makes 'Eenie, Meenie, Miney, Mo' Obsolete


Weir Sees International Fracking Market Doubling in Three Years


UPDATE 1-Cal Dive loss wider than expected


Cal Dive Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[Business Wire] - Cal Dive International, Inc. reported a first quarter 2012 loss of $24.3 million, or $.26 per diluted share. This compares to a net loss of $18.7 million, or $.20 per diluted share for first quarter 2011.

Halliburton Receives Award at OTC for Innovative Sand Control Technology
[Business Wire] - Halliburton has been recognized by the 2012 Offshore Technology Conference's Spotlight on New Technologies program for its EquiFlow autonomous inflow control device .

Baker Hughes Inc. (BHI): Today's Featured Basic Materials Winner


FMC Technologies Completes Acquisition of Control Systems International
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- FMC Technologies, Inc. (FTI) announced today that it has completed the acquisition of Control Systems International, Inc. (CSI).CSI is a leading supplier of ...

Energy Stock Trading Near Two-Year High Still Has Plenty Of Value


Baker Hughes - Q1 2012 Review


Superior Energy Services Inc. Earnings Call Nuggets: CapEx Guidance, Labor


Gulf Island Fabrication Misses on Revenue but Beats on EPS


Schlumberger buying Tesco unit for $45 million


Helix to Present at Morgan Stanley Spring Houston Energy Summit
[Business Wire] - Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc. announced that it is making a presentation to attendees at the 1st of Morgan Stanleys biannual Houston Energy Summits in Houston, Texas on Tuesday, May 1, 2012 beginning at 10:00 a.m.

Global Geophysical Services Beats Analyst Estimates on EPS


Genel Energy CEO Hayward Sees Oil Prices in $100-$120 Range


The Avengers: 6 Super Stocks that will Fight Back


[$$] An Oil-Services Stock to Buy on the Pullback


ANSYS, FMC Technologies announces strategic agreement


ANSYS Announces Strategic Agreement with FMC Technologies
[PR Newswire] - PITTSBURGH, April 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ANSYS (ANSS) and FMC Technologies have executed a long-term strategic agreement for simulation software that can standardize design analysis and provide ...

Tesco and Schlumberger Enter into Definitive Agreement on CASING DRILLING Division


Tesco and Schlumberger Enter into Definitive Agreement on CASING DRILLING Division
[PR Newswire] - Trading Symbol:"TESO" on NASDAQHOUSTON, April 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ - Tesco Corporation and Schlumberger today announced that they have signed a definitive agreement for Schlumberger to acquire ...

TGC Industries Reports Record First Quarter 2012 Results
[PR Newswire] - PLANO, Texas, April 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- TGC Industries, Inc. (TGE) today announced record financial results for the first quarter of 2012. Revenues grew 33% to $67.0 million from $50.2 million ...

Gulf Island Fabrication Inc. Stock Upgraded (GIFI)


Chicago Gasoline Jumps to Three-Month High on BP Pump Failure


[$$] Energy Transfer Partners to Buy Sunoco for $5.3 Billion


The Law Firm of Weiss & Lurie Investigates Sunoco, Inc.
[Business Wire] - Weiss & Lurie, a national class action and shareholder rights law firm with offices in New York City and Los Angeles, is investigating possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of law by the Board of Directors of Sunoco, Inc.

DCP Midstream Partners Set to Release First Quarter 2012 Results May 7
[Business Wire] - DCP Midstream Partners, LP will announce its earnings for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, after the New York Stock Exchange closes for trading on Monday, May 7, 2012. An earnings conference call for investors and analysts is scheduled for 12:00 p.m.

Robbins Umeda LLP Announces an Investigation of Sunoco, Inc.
[Business Wire] - Shareholder rights firm Robbins Umeda LLP has commenced an investigation into possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of the law by members of the board of directors of Sunoco, Inc.

TEXT-Fitch affirms Energy Transfer Partners


Kinder Morgan to Buy KKR JV Stake


ETP's 'Surprise' SUN Buy Lifts Both Stocks Near $50


Chavez Puts His Trust in Christ as He Heads for Cancer Treatment


Sunoco Deals Could Keep Coming


Blueknight Energy Establishes Corporate Headquarters in Oklahoma City
[Business Wire] - Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. , a midstream energy company, today announced it has established its corporate he

Sunoco, ETP come to grips with fracking


Enbridge Energy Partners Declares Distribution and Reports Earnings for First Quarter 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. today declared a cash distribution of $0.53250 per unit payable May 15, 2012 to unitholders of record on May 7, 2012.The Partnership's key financial results ...

Anadarko Announces First-Quarter Results
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Anadarko Petroleum Corporation today announced first-quarter 2012 net income attributable to common stockholders of $2.156 billion, or $4.28 per share . These results include certain items ...

Energy Transfer Partners to buy Sunoco for $5.35 billion
[Reuters] - Pipeline operator Energy Transfer Partners LP said it would buy Sunoco Inc for $5.35 billion in stock and cash to get into the more lucrative crude oil transportation business as natural gas prices stay ...

The MLP Battle Of The Titans


Energy Transfer Partners to buy Sunoco for $5.35 billion


UPDATE 5-Energy Transfer Partners to buy Sunoco for $5.35 bln


Report: Stronger rules needed to stop oil spills


Energy Transfer Partners to buy Sunoco for $5.3B


Summary Box: Sunoco acquired for $5.3B


[$$] Sunoco's Family Values Charm Energy Transfer
[at The Wall Street Journal] - Sunoco's Family Values Charm Energy Transfer

Chicago Gasoline Jumps to Three-Month High on BP Pump Failure


[$$] Energy Transfer Partners to Buy Sunoco for $5.3 Billion


The Law Firm of Weiss & Lurie Investigates Sunoco, Inc.
[Business Wire] - Weiss & Lurie, a national class action and shareholder rights law firm with offices in New York City and Los Angeles, is investigating possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of law by the Board of Directors of Sunoco, Inc.

Robbins Umeda LLP Announces an Investigation of Sunoco, Inc.
[Business Wire] - Shareholder rights firm Robbins Umeda LLP has commenced an investigation into possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of the law by members of the board of directors of Sunoco, Inc.

Exxon Mobil shuts Louisiana oil pipeline after leak


TEXT-Fitch affirms Energy Transfer Partners


Renewable Energy Group to Report First Quarter 2012 Financial Results on Wednesday, May 9th
[Business Wire] - Renewable Energy Group, Inc. today announced that it will release financial results for the first quarter 2012 after the market closes on Wednesday, May 9, 2012. An investor conference call will follow at 4:30 p.m.

ETP's 'Surprise' SUN Buy Lifts Both Stocks Near $50


Sunoco Deals Could Keep Coming


Sunoco, ETP come to grips with fracking


This Stock Has A 5.81% Yield, Sells For Less Than Book, and Insiders Have Been Buying


BRIEF - Moody's affirms Energy Transfer Partners, may cut Sunoco Logistics


Law Office of Brodsky & Smith, LLC Announces Investigation of Sunoco, Inc.
[PR Newswire] - BALA CYNWYD, Pa., April 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Law office of Brodsky & Smith, LLC announces that it is investigating potential claims against the Board of Directors of Sunoco, Inc. ("Sunoco" ...

Summary Box: Sunoco acquired for $5.3B


Photo Release -- PSI to Present New Clean-Vehicle Systems at 2012 ACT Expo


Why Eagle Rock Energy Partners Is Destined To Go Higher


TEXT-S&P takes actions on Energy Transfer Partners, Sunoco on sale


Natural Gas: Beaten Down, but Looking Up


Why Sunoco Shares Soared


UPDATE 3-Exxon Mobil shuts Louisiana pipeline after leak


Valero Energy Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Tesoro CorpFirst Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.65
[3.65, 3.65, 3.65, 3.65, 3.65]

Indianapolis
3.74
[3.72, 3.74, 3.74, 3.75, 3.75]

USA Average
3.81

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
104.85

Brent Prices
119.47

