This file created: March-02 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Massive band of storms wrecks Ind. towns, kills 8
HENRYVILLE, Ind. (AP)  Powerful storms stretching from the Gulf Coast to the Great Lakes wrecked two Indiana towns and killed at least eight people Friday as the system tore roofs off schools and homes, flattened a fire station, flipped over tractor-trailer trucks and damaged a maximum security prison. It was the second deadly tornado outbreak this week.

Obama warns both Iran and Israel, 'I don't bluff'
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama delivered his most explicit threat yet that the United States will attack Iran if that's what it takes to prevent it from developing a nuclear bomb. At the same time, he warned Israelis they would only make a bad situation worse if they moved pre-emptively against Iranian nuclear facilities.

Obama joins in assailing Limbaugh slur of student
NEW YORK (AP)  Stepping into an emerging culture clash over women, President Barack Obama made a supportive phone call Friday to a law student who testified before Congress about the need for birth control coverage, only to be called a "slut" by Rush Limbaugh.

Red Cross blocked by Syria from ex-rebel enclave
BEIRUT (AP)  The Syrian government blocked a Red Cross convoy Friday from delivering badly needed food, medical supplies and blankets to a rebellious neighborhood of Homs cut off by a monthlong siege, and activists accused regime troops who overran the shattered district of execution-style killings and a scorched-earth campaign.

AP Exclusive: NKoreans skeptical of US nuke deal
PYONGYANG, North Korea (AP)  A nuclear deal with the United States may have raised hopes that tensions on the Korean peninsula could ease soon, but rare interviews Friday by The Associated Press with Pyongyang residents suggest deep cynicism of U.S. intentions.

FACT CHECK: You can't have it all, sorry
WASHINGTON (AP)  Is there any impulse greater in politics than to promise people the sun and the moon?

Ohio emerging as microcosm of GOP race
WILLOUGHBY, Ohio (AP)  This state's Super Tuesday primary is proving to be the perfect microcosm of the nation's unruly race for the Republican presidential nomination: Mitt Romney is spending lots of money, Rick Santorum is aggressively courting conservatives and Newt Gingrich is counting on big ideas to swing votes his way.

Feel cheated? Small claims court brings big wins
NEW YORK (AP)  If you feel cheated by a big company and complaining gets you nowhere, what can you do? A handful of recent cases suggest that consumers can, if they're motivated enough, win against big companies in small claims courts.

Dahmer hunting grounds tour stirs backlash in Wis.
MILWAUKEE (AP)  A planned walking tour of the Milwaukee haunts where serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer trolled for victims has drawn protests from victims' family members and others, prompting online deal-maker Groupon to cancel its promotion for discounted tickets.

NFL: Saints violated 'Bounty Rule'
NEW YORK (AP)  New Orleans Saints players and at least one assistant coach maintained a bounty pool of up to $50,000 in the last three seasons to reward game-ending injuries inflicted on opposing players, including Brett Favre and Kurt Warner, the NFL said on Friday.

Massive band of storms wrecks Ind. towns, kills 8
HENRYVILLE, Ind. (AP)  Powerful storms stretching from the Gulf Coast to the Great Lakes wrecked two Indiana towns and killed at least eight people Friday as the system tore roofs off schools and homes, flattened a fire station, flipped over tractor-trailer trucks and damaged a maximum security prison. It was the second deadly tornado outbreak this week.

Tornadoes kill at least 8 across southern Indiana
HENRYVILLE, Ind. (AP)  Authorities say at least eight people have been killed by tornadoes that ripped through a wide swath of southern Indiana.

NY congressman: NJ gov took 'cheap shots' at NYPD
NEW YORK (AP)  An interstate feud escalated Friday when a New York congressman berated the New Jersey governor for "trying to score cheap political points" instead of saving lives when he complained that the New York Police Department's monitoring of Muslims across the state line was arrogant and secretive.

Wake begins for victim of Ohio school shooting
EASTLAKE, Ohio (AP)  Bullying and metal detectors were on the minds of some mourners as hundreds lined up Friday at a northeast Ohio funeral home for the wake of a student killed in a high school shooting.

Murder charges against Calif. doc seen as warning
LOS ANGELES (AP)  The prosecutor who took the rare step of charging a doctor with murder in the prescription drug overdose deaths of three patients said Friday that the case should serve as a warning to unethical physicians who become pill pushers.

Oregon health overhaul makes financial promises
SALEM, Ore. (AP)  If Oregon's Democratic governor is right, the bill he signed Friday will improve health care and reduce costs so significantly that it could help fix the federal budget.

Man in US video stream says he noticed webcam
NEW BRUNSWICK, New Jersey (AP)  A man who witnesses say was watched via webcam while kissing a Rutgers University student who later committed suicide told jurors Friday that he noticed the camera pointed in their direction while the two were being intimate.

US Justice Dept loses 3 big secrecy court rulings
WASHINGTON (AP)  The U.S. Justice Department has lost three significant court rulings over records sought by the public under the Freedom of Information Act, including a rare order to release a classified document.

Ex-Bronco Perrish Cox acquitted of sexual assault
CASTLE ROCK, Colo. (AP)  A Colorado jury acquitted former Denver Broncos cornerback Perrish Cox of sexual assault charges on Friday, a verdict that was met with disbelief by the alleged victim.

Dahmer hunting grounds tour stirs backlash in Wis.
MILWAUKEE (AP)  A planned walking tour of the Milwaukee haunts where serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer trolled for victims has drawn protests from victims' family members and others, prompting online deal-maker Groupon to cancel its promotion for discounted tickets.

Red Cross blocked by Syria from ex-rebel enclave
BEIRUT (AP)  The Syrian government blocked a Red Cross convoy Friday from delivering badly needed food, medical supplies and blankets to a rebellious neighborhood of Homs cut off by a monthlong siege, and activists accused regime troops who overran the shattered district of execution-style killings and a scorched-earth campaign.

Ratings agency Moody's downgrades Greece
ATHENS, Greece (AP)  The ratings agency Moody's downgraded Greece to the lowest rating on its bond scale late Friday, following a deal with private investors that would see them ultimately lose an estimated 70 percent of their holdings in Greek debt.

Chavez says he's recovering quickly from surgery
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP)  Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Friday he's recovering quickly from tumor surgery in Cuba.

Jamaica's famed coffee industry facing hard times
BRANDON HILL, Jamaica (AP)  A few years ago in this mist-shrouded mountain town, steep slopes were quilted with some of the world's most valuable coffee trees. Farmers scrambled to increase acreage and pickers painstakingly filled wooden boxes with ripened berries at harvest time.

2 French journalists who escaped Syria return home
PARIS (AP)  The long and treacherous journey home ended Friday for two French journalists trapped for nine days in a besieged Syrian city  an experience one called a "non-stop nightmare." After landing outside Paris where the French president and loved ones awaited them, one was carried from the plane on a stretcher, while the other smiled joyfully and punched his fist in the air.

Ahmadinejad's sister fails to win parliament seat
TEHRAN, Iran (AP)  Iranian semiofficial Mehr news agency is reporting that the sister of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has failed to win a parliamentary seat.

Egyptians angry with military over US NGO case
CAIRO (AP)  Egypt's ruling generals faced a backlash Friday over the departure of Americans on trial over charges that their pro-democracy groups fomented unrest, with the country's powerful Muslim Brotherhood and others accusing military leaders of bowing to pressure from Washington.

Russia train journey shows discontent with Putin
ABOARD RUSSIAN RAILWAYS TRAIN 109 (AP)  From the comfy cabins of first class to the crowded and smelly third-class bunks, passengers traveling to Moscow from a remote Arctic boomtown show why Vladimir Putin's almost certain return to the presidency Sunday feels less than triumphant.

Bolivians fight over quinoa land
LA PAZ, Bolivia (AP)  Bolivian authorities say at least 30 people have been injured in a fight between two communities over land for growing quinoa, the Andean "supergrain" whose popularity with worldwide foodies has caused its price to soar.

US troops tread carefully amid Korea tensions
OBSERVATION POST OUELLETTE, South Korea (AP)  Lt. Col. Edward Taylor stands behind a wall of sandbags overlooking the North Korean landscape and a bank of trees along the most fortified border in the world. The trees obstruct the view, he explains. They need to come down.

Ohio emerging as microcosm of GOP race
WILLOUGHBY, Ohio (AP)  This state's Super Tuesday primary is proving to be the perfect microcosm of the nation's unruly race for the Republican presidential nomination: Mitt Romney is spending lots of money, Rick Santorum is aggressively courting conservatives and Newt Gingrich is counting on big ideas to swing votes his way.

Santorum: Limbaugh 'entertainer,' comment 'absurd'
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum says radio host Rush Limbaugh was "being absurd" when he suggested a college student record sex tapes and share them in exchange for contraception.

In Ga., Gingrich helped build conservative base
ATLANTA (AP)  It wasn't so long ago that the Republican Party in Georgia was just an afterthought, and Democrats were in firm control of all the levers of state government. Back then, Newt Gingrich and other die-hard GOP stalwarts ventured across the state with the far-fetched message that Republicans could reverse the tide.

Obama warns both Iran and Israel, 'I don't bluff'
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama delivered his most explicit threat yet that the United States will attack Iran if that's what it takes to prevent it from developing a nuclear bomb. At the same time, he warned Israelis they would only make a bad situation worse if they moved pre-emptively against Iranian nuclear facilities.

AP source: NJ Rep Donald Payne is gravely ill
WASHINGTON (AP)  A congressional aide says Democratic New Jersey congressman Donald M. Payne is being described by a family member as gravely ill.

FACT CHECK: You can't have it all, sorry
WASHINGTON (AP)  Is there any impulse greater in politics than to promise people the sun and the moon?

Extend or end it? GOP voters torn over best route
SPOKANE, Wash. (AP)  To hear some weary rank-and-file Republicans tell it, the increasingly bitter fight for the party's presidential nomination can't end quickly enough.

Obama calls student in contraception debate
WASHINGTON (AP)  The White House says President Barack Obama has called a Georgetown law student whose stand on contraception coverage prompted Rush Limbaugh to deride her as a "slut" on his radio talk show.

Snowe exits in frustration with Senate gridlock
WASHINGTON (AP)  Maine Republican Olympia Snowe says the Senate spends too much time in political battle and not enough on solving problems, and more than a few of her colleagues agree.

Santorum knocks govt over schools but takes money
WASHINGTON (AP)  As he presses for the conservative votes he needs to overtake GOP presidential front-runner Mitt Romney, Rick Santorum is hammering away at the role state and federal governments play in running schools.

Ratings agency Moody's downgrades Greece
ATHENS, Greece (AP)  The ratings agency Moody's downgraded Greece to the lowest rating on its bond scale late Friday, following a deal with private investors that would see them ultimately lose an estimated 70 percent of their holdings in Greek debt.

Dior hems plunge, Lanvin celebrates at Paris shows
PARIS (AP)  The buzz at Paris' ready-to-wear shows on Friday wasn't just about the clothes.

Feel cheated? Small claims court brings big wins
NEW YORK (AP)  If you feel cheated by a big company and complaining gets you nowhere, what can you do? A handful of recent cases suggest that consumers can, if they're motivated enough, win against big companies in small claims courts.

Iowa makes it crime to lie to record animal abuse
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP)  Iowa became the first state Friday to make it a crime to surreptitiously get into a farming operation to record video of animal abuse.

US stocks slip; Yelp jumps 64 percent after IPO
NEW YORK (AP)  The stock market reached a couple of milestones this week  Dow 13,000 and Nasdaq 3,000  but not much else.

Citigroup says Parsons to step down as chairman
NEW YORK (AP)  Richard Parsons, who was named chairman of Citigroup in 2009 just after the bank accepted $45 billion in federal bailouts, will step down from the position, the bank said Friday.

Why David Stockman isn't buying it
NEW YORK (AP)  He was an architect of one of the biggest tax cuts in U.S. history. He spent much of his career after politics using borrowed money to take over companies. He targeted the riskiest ones that most investors shunned  car-parts makers, textile mills.

Yelp shares surge 63 percent in stock market debut
Yelp's stock opened to five-star reviews from investors on Friday, soaring 63 percent even though the company has yet to prove it can make money from its online recommendations.

Sara Lee spinoff to distribute $4.6B in stock
DOWNERS GROVE, Ill. (AP)  Food company Sara Lee Corp. said Friday that its shareholders will get stock valued at up to $4.55 billion when it spins off its international coffee and tea business later this year.

GM to suspend production of Chevrolet Volt
DALLAS (AP)  General Motors Co. is suspending production of its Chevrolet Volt electric car for five weeks amid disappointing sales.

Feel cheated? Small claims court brings big wins
NEW YORK (AP)  If you feel cheated by a big company and complaining gets you nowhere, what can you do? A handful of recent cases suggest that consumers can, if they're motivated enough, win against big companies in small claims courts.

Yelp shares surge 63 percent in stock market debut
Yelp's stock opened to five-star reviews from investors on Friday, soaring 63 percent even though the company has yet to prove it can make money from its online recommendations.

German court dismisses Apple, Samsung lawsuits
BERLIN (AP)  A German court has dismissed patent lawsuits by technology giants Apple and Samsung against each other in the two companies' battle over the market for smartphones and tablet devices.

Startup sued for putting local TV on the iPhone
NEW YORK (AP)  Broadcasters have sued a startup backed by media billionaire Barry Diller that sends live local TV feeds to iPhones and iPads in the New York area.

AT&T relents on 'unlimited data' plan limits
NEW YORK (AP)  AT&T Inc. backed away from an unpopular service policy after smartphone subscribers complained that the company placed unreasonable limits on its "unlimited data" plans.

Kodak agrees to sell online gallery to Shutterfly
ROCHESTER, N.Y. (AP)  Eastman Kodak Co. said Thursday it plans to sell its online photo service business to online photo publishing company Shutterfly Inc. for $23.8 million.

FBI director: Cyber-threats will become top worry
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  The director of the FBI told an annual gathering of cyber-security professionals on Thursday that the agency needs the private sector to help combat what he believes is becoming the nation's No. 1 threat.

Telecoms groups fight back against free messaging
BARCELONA, Spain (AP)  Just past the security gate for the world's largest cell phone trade show in Barcelona, executives of big mobile carriers can't avoid walking past a booth they would probably rather not see: It's for "Pinger," a small California company that offers free texting in the United States and Germany and has global expansion plans.

Zynga unveils stand-alone game destination
NEW YORK (AP)  "CityVille" fans afraid to spam their Facebook friends with updates about their virtual hometowns can sigh with relief. Zynga has unveiled a new online destination, Zynga.com, where people can play its games away from Facebook, including with people who are not their Facebook friends.

Apple market value hits $500B, where few have gone
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple's market capitalization topped $500 billion Wednesday, climbing to a mountain peak where few companies have ventured  and none have stayed for long.

Two-thirds of China's cities fail on air standards
BEIJING (AP)  Two-thirds of China's cities currently fail to meet stricter air quality standards that the government wants to phase in over four years to combat notoriously smoggy skies, a senior Chinese environmental official said Friday.

Everest climber warns of flood risks in Himalayas
TATOPANI, Nepal (AP)  Before Apa became a legendary Sherpa mountaineer, he was a humble Himalayan potato farmer who worked his fields in the Everest foothills until, without warning, raging floodwaters swallowed his farm.

Polish report: shale gas extraction not harmful
WARSAW, Poland (AP)  A scientific study in Poland has found that shale gas extraction at one site produced some toxic refuse but that the waste was reused and didn't harm the environment.

Dinosaurs had fleas too _ giant ones, fossils show
WASHINGTON (AP)  In the Jurassic era, even the flea was a beast, compared to its minuscule modern descendants. These pesky bloodsuckers were nearly an inch long.

Scientists reconstruct long-extinct giant penguin
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP)  It was a slender bird, with long wings and a spear-like bill to catch swift ocean prey. And scientists say the first glimpse of the extinct giant penguin species was worth the 26 million-year wait.

Poll: US belief in warming rises with thermometer
WASHINGTON (AP)  Americans' belief in global warming is on the rise, along with temperatures and surprising weather changes, according to a new university poll.

Smithsonian plans festival to welcome Discovery
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Smithsonian Institution plans a four-day festival with NASA to welcome space shuttle Discovery into its collection in April.

Obama plan for spotted owl targets rival bird
WASHINGTON (AP)  To save the imperiled spotted owl, the Obama administration is moving forward with a controversial plan to shoot barred owls, a rival bird that has shoved its smaller cousin aside.

Tsunami debris floating across Pacific toward US
HONOLULU (AP)  Refrigerators, TVs and other debris dragged into sea when a massive earthquake hit Japan last March, causing tsunamis as high as 130 feet to crash ashore, could show up in remote atolls north of Hawaii as soon as this winter, with other pieces reaching parts of the West Coast in 2013 and 2014, experts say.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Matador Resources Company Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option
[PR Newswire] - DALLAS, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Matador Resources Company (NYSE: MTDR - News) announced today that the underwriters of its recently completed initial public offering of common stock have exercised their ...

SM Energy Announces Participation in Upcoming Investor Conferences
[Business Wire] - SM Energy Company today announces that the Company will be participating in the following upcoming investor events:

Natural Gas Impairment Charges Pile Up


Ultra Petroleum Cut to Underperform


Oil, Housing And Stocks, Oh My!


Endeavor International Could Be A Two Or Three Bagger If It Hits Analysts' Estimates


TEXT-S&P revises Forest Oil Corp outlook


Chesapeake: Investors Underappreciate Assets, Says Analyst


Royale Completes Pipeline and Begins Production
[GlobeNewswire] - SAN DIEGO -- Royale Energy, Inc. announced today it has completed the pipeline to its Bristol well in the Sacramento Basin. The well has been put into production and will be opened up to over 1,000,000 ...

Long Term Positives For Natural Gas


Cove Energy shares fall over tax threat
[at Financial Times] - Shares in Cove Energy fell 8 per cent on Friday over fears Mozambican authorities would impose a tax charge that could slow any sale of the Africa-focused oil explorer.

CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Seaway to link to Enterprise terminal


ATP Announces Production Rates at Fourth Well at Telemark Hub
[Business Wire] - ATP Oil & Gas Corporation today announced initial production rates at its Mississippi Canyon Block 942 A-3 well in excess of 7,000 barrels equivalent per day , of which 85% is oil.

2 Energy Stocks to Watch Today


HKN Announces Annual Results for 2011
[Marketwire] - DALLAS, TX-- - HKN, Inc. today reported its annual financial results for the year ended December 31, 2011.Financial ConditionDuring 2011, HKN was able to significantly strengthen its financial condition ...

Southwestern Energy Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


TherapeuticsMD, Inc. Elects Four Additional Directors


Petroleum Development Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


Ultra Petroleum's Margin Hot Streak Continues


Enterprise to Present at Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference
[Business Wire] - Enterprise Products Partners L.P. announced today that W. Randall Fowler, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Enterprises general partner, is scheduled to present at the Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference in Orlando, Florida on Monday, March 5, 2012 at 11:35 a.m.

[video] Romney Chooses Oil Billionaire as Energy Advisor


$1.6M Exxon-Montana oil spill settlement finalized


Mobil 1 The Grid Races into a Fourth Season
[Business Wire] - Mobil 1 The Grid, a weekly 30-minute television series devoted to global motorsports, returns for a fourth season in the United States on SPEED at 10:30 p.m. ET on Friday, March 9.

Final Glance: Oil companies


ExxonMobil to Reward SpeedpassTM Customers With Additional Savings per Gallon
[Business Wire] - Speedpass customer appreciation days are back! To express appreciation to customers, ExxonMobil is repeating a favorite promotion of 15 cents per gallon rebate of gas purchased wit

Crude Supplies Jump to 5-Month High


How Natural Gas Is Changing Global Energy Market


Valero: A Cheap Pick From The Energy Sector


PDVSA Said to Consider Lower Orinoco Venture Stakes for Hong Kong Listing


Syncrude Weakens on Work at BP and Conoco Washington Refineries


Ecuador plaintiffs eye Chevron assets in Venezuela, Panama


WAfrica Crude-First Nigeria Usan sold, Angola weaker


9 Gold, Oil Stocks That Rise on Bad News (Update2)


Midday Glance: Oil companies


BP Hikes Azerbaijan Capex


Exxon concerned with 'lack of urgency' on taxes


Why retail gasoline prices are nearing a record


Top 10 Energy Stocks: Denbury Resources


PDVSA debts crimp Venezuela's ambitious oil output plans


MarkWest: A High Dividend Energy Pick Too Hot To Pass Up


BP Should Settle Oil Spill Case: Former Shell Oil Exec


Early Glance: Oil companies


China North East Petroleum Comments on Stock Trading Halt
[PR Newswire] - HARBIN, China and NEW YORK, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire-Asia-FirstCall/ -- China North East Petroleum Holdings Limited (the "Company") (NYSE Amex: NEP), announced that during the day of March 1, ...

Hercules Offshore Announces Officer Appointments
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hercules Offshore, Inc. (Nasdaq: HERO - News) announced the appointment of Son P. Vann to Vice President Investor Relations and Planning and John F. Wasmuth to Vice President ...

How Sandridge Energy Turned A $400 Million Investment Into $8.7 Billion Of Value In 2 Years


BreitBurn Energy Partners Meets on the Top Line, Misses Where It Counts


EV Energy Partners Whiffs on Earnings


Vanguard Natural Resources Crushes Estimates


How the Wheels Came Off Rowan Cos.' Bus


Energy stocks drop


The Gory Details of Northern Oil and Gas' Earnings Miss


5-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: Transocean


UPDATE 1-Statoil seeks more "workhorse" rigs off Norway


Swiss Stocks Are Little Changed; Transocean, UBS Advance


Patterson-UTI Reports Drilling Activity for February 2012
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- PATTERSON-UTI ENERGY, INC. (NASDAQ: PTEN - News) today reported that for the month of February 2012, the Company had an average of 240 drilling rigs operating, including ...

Statoil plans new rig orders for 2015 delivery


Do Hercules Offshore's Assets Generate Strong Returns?


Bill Barrett Corporation Reduces and Redirects 2012 Capital Program, Continues to Increase Emphasis on Oil
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Bill Barrett Corporation (the "Company") (NYSE: BBG - News) announced today a revised 2012 capital program for the Company as a result of lower natural gas prices. ...

Crestwood Midstream Partners LP Files 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Crestwood Midstream Partners LP today announced that it has filed the partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange ...

Northern Oil Will Get It Right For Shareholders


Noble Corporation Provides Fleet Contract Status Update
[PR Newswire] - ZUG, Switzerland, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Corporation (NYSE:NE - News) today announced that its report of drilling rig status and contract information has been updated as of March 1, 2012. The report, ...

Vanguard's Management Discusses Q4 2011 Earnings Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Vanguard's Management Discusses Q4 2011 Earnings Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Transocean Picks a Fight with the IRS


SandRidge Energy, Inc. Declares Semi-Annual Preferred Stock Dividend
[PR Newswire] - OKLAHOMA CITY, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- SandRidge Energy, Inc. (NYSE: SD - News) today announced that its Board of Directors has declared a $3.50 per share semi-annual dividend on its shares of 7.0% Convertible ...

Hornbeck Offshore to Issue $375,000,000 of 5.875% Senior Notes Due 2020
[PR Newswire] - COVINGTON, La., March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. (NYSE: HOS - News) (the "Company") announced today that it has agreed to sell $375,000,000 aggregate principal amount of ...

Weekly US oil, gas rig count up 8 to 1,989


NYMEX-Natural gas ends up, shorts cover ahead of weekend


TEXT-S&P rates Hornbeck Offshore Services notes


US spot natgas prices mixed after 4 straight losses


NYMEX-Short covering props up natural gas ahead of weekend


1 Energy Stock I'm Buying Now


Dawson Geophysical to Present at the Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference
[PR Newswire] - MIDLAND, Texas, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Stephen Jumper, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dawson Geophysical Company (NASDAQ: DWSN - News) (the "Company"), is scheduled to present at the ...

NYMEX-Natural gas holds early gains on pre-weekend short cover


NYMEX-Natural gas edges higher, shorts cover ahead of wkend


Tesco initiated with a Buy at Sidoti


RBI deputy gov: options open on CRR cut


Hornbeck Offshore Announces Offering of $350,000,000 of Senior Notes
[PR Newswire] - COVINGTON, La., March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. (NYSE: HOS - News) (the "Company") announced today that it intends to offer, subject to market and other conditions, approximately ...

Hornbeck Offshore Announces Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation for Its 6.125% Senior Notes Due 2014
[PR Newswire] - COVINGTON, La., March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. (NYSE: HOS - News) (the "Company") announced today that it has commenced a cash tender offer (the "Offer") to ...

BP Gulf of Mexico Drilling Rig Disaster, Spill and Litigation: Timeline


BP Gulf of Mexico Spill Trial to Start as Settlement Pressure Increases


Morgan Creek Announces Board Change


GulfMark Offshore, Inc. Announces Pricing of $300 Million Private Placement of Senior Notes Due 2022
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- GulfMark Offshore, Inc. ("GulfMark") announced today the pricing of its private placement of $300 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.375% senior unsecured notes due 2022 to ...

Fed Chiefs Remarks Stop a Winning Streak


Lufkin Industries to Present at Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference March 5
[PR Newswire] - LUFKIN, Texas, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Lufkin Industries, Inc. (Nasdaq: LUFK - News) announced today that the Company will present at the Raymond James & Associates 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference ...

NYMEX-Natural gas ends down near 6 pct after light stock draw


US spot natgas prices mixed after 4 straight losses


NuStar Energy L.P.s 2011 Schedule K-1 Tax Packages Now Available
[Business Wire] - NuStar Energy L.P. today announced that the 2011 tax packages, which include the Schedule K-1, are now available online at www.nustarenergy.com in the Investors section of the Web site.

Kinder Morgan in Rail Service JV


Magellan Midstream Partners LP: Wait For A Pullback


APL Added as Top 10 Energy Dividend Stock With 5.87% Yield


Kinder Morgan Companies File 2011 Annual Reports
[Business Wire] - Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, L.P. and Kinder Morgan Management, LLC have filed their annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2011, with the

DCP Midstream Partners Announces Pricing of Common Unit Offering
[Business Wire] - DCP Midstream Partners, LP announced today that it has priced an underwritten public offering of 4,750,000 common units representing limited partner interests at $47.42 per common unit.

Spectra Energy Holds Open Season for Renaissance Gas Transmission Project
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Spectra Energy Corp (NYSE: SE - News) today announced a non-binding open season for its Renaissance Gas Transmission (Renaissance) project, a new pipeline system that will ...

Goldman Sachs Criticized by Judge on Kinder Morgan Conflicts


Inergy Midstream Appoints New Member to Board of Directors
[Business Wire] - Inergy Midstream, L.P. announced today that Randy Moeder has been appointed to the board of directors of NRGM GP, LLC, the general partner of Inergy Midstream, L.P., effective immediately.

The 5 Best Stocks To Play Liquefied Natural Gas


Dealpolitik: Plenty of Warnings As El Paso Deal Squeaks By Judge


ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners to Present at Barclays Capital Investment Grade Energy and Pipeline Conference
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE: OKE - News) and ONEOK Partners, L.P. (NYSE: OKS - News) will present at the Barclays Capital Investment Grade Energy and Pipeline Conference on Thursday, ...

[video] Judge Slams El Paso CEO in Kinder Morgan Merger


DCP Midstream Partners Announces Public Offering of Common Units
[Business Wire] - DCP Midstream Partners, LP announced today that it has commenced, subject to market conditions, an underwritten public offering of 4,750,000 of its common units representing limited partner interests.

ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners to Participate in Morgan Stanley MLP and Diversified Natural Gas Corporate Access Day
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE: OKE - News) and ONEOK Partners, L.P. (NYSE: OKS - News) will participate in the Morgan Stanley MLP and Diversified Natural Gas Corporate Access Day in New ...

Lloyd Blankfein Makes Scripted Phone Calls


Analyst Moves: WES, VRSK


Delaware Court of Chancery Issues Opinion in Connection With El Paso Corporation's Pending Transaction With Kinder Morgan, Inc.
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - In a memorandum opinion, dated February 29, 2012, the Delaware Court of Chancery denied plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the shareholder vote scheduled for March ...

The Losers in the El Paso Corp. Opinion


Judge allows El Paso Corp. takeover to proceed


NuStar Energy L.P. and NuStar GP Holdings, LLC File 2011 Annual Reports
[Business Wire] - NuStar Energy L.P. and NuStar GP Holdings, LLC today announced that they have filed their respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 with the U.S.

Is Kodiak Oil & Gas Actually Undervalued?


[$$] Argentine Province Gives YPF Production Ultimatum


Delek reports FCC regenerator malfunction at Texas refinery


Why Next Winter's Heat Could Be Costly in New York


Argentina rebuffs Spain in YPF dispute
[at Financial Times] - Argentina has bluntly told Madrid not to meddle in YPF, its biggest company and former oil monopoly, even though it is controlled by Spain's Repsol (NYSE:REPYY.PK - News).

Eagle Rock Announces Availability of 2011 Tax Packages, Including Schedule K-1s
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Eagle Rock Energy Partners, L.P. ("Eagle Rock" or the "Partnership") today announced that Eagle Rock unitholders may now access their 2011 tax packages, including Schedule ...

Argentine oil province gives YPF investment ultimatum


Refining industry restructuring even as gas prices surge


Argentina tells Spain not to meddle in YPF, FT reports


Why retail gasoline prices are nearing a record


What Valero Does With Its Cash


Delek US Holdings Inc Is a Top 10 Energy Dividend Stock (DK)


Has Tesoro Become the Perfect Stock?


CVR Energy board rejects Icahn takeover bid


Will Western Refining Earn or Burn?


China Increases Oil, Gas and Coal Production - L&L Energy and Longwei Petroleum Poised to Benefit
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - In recent years, China's government has taken steps to increase the country's domestic energy production -- particularly in coal, oil and natural gas. Peng Qiming, director of the Ministry ...

$5 Gas: Play It Again Sam


Valero Energy: There Are Fundamental And Technical Reasons To Buy


UPDATE 1-Spain minister in Argentina over Repsol row-sources


San Francisco Diesel Strengthens on Flaring at Chevron Richmond


Hess Plans Equus Investment Decision in Australia in Mid-2013


[$$] YPF Shares Rally as Takeover Fears Recede


Why Western Refining Looks Promising


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.74
[3.74, 3.74, 3.74, 3.74, 3.74]

Indianapolis
3.68
[3.59, 3.67, 3.69, 3.7, 3.75]

USA Average
3.71

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
106.5

Brent Prices
123.65

