This file created: March-28 12:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Some justices seem open to saving parts of law
WASHINGTON (AP)  Several Supreme Court justices seemed receptive Wednesday to the idea that portions of President Barack Obama's health care law can survive even if the court declares the centerpiece unconstitutional.

Passengers recount fears during captain breakdown
LAS VEGAS (AP)  Passengers aboard an early morning flight from New York bound for Las Vegas first noticed something wrong when the plane's top pilot came out of the cockpit, didn't close the door and tried to force his way into an occupied bathroom.

George H.W. Bush to formally back Romney
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Former President George H.W. Bush plans to endorse Mitt Romney at an event Thursday in Houston.

Mumbai, Miami on list for big weather disasters
WASHINGTON (AP)  Global warming is leading to such severe storms, droughts and heat waves that nations should prepare for an unprecedented onslaught of deadly and costly weather disasters, an international panel of climate scientists says in a report issued Wednesday.

Pope urges more church freedom in Cuba
HAVANA (AP)  Pope Benedict XVI is demanding greater freedom for the Catholic Church in Cuba during a Mass in the shrine of the island's communist revolution. He also denounces fanaticism that tries to impose its truth on others.

Friends in Gulf fishing tragedy; only 1 survives
HOUSTON (AP)  For hours after their boat sank, Ken Henderson and Ed Coen treaded water in the Gulf of Mexico, talking about life and death while struggling to survive. For more than 30 hours, it worked.

Supporters of Fla. shooter fearful of speaking out
Trayvon Martin's supporters pack churches, swarm rallies and wear hooded sweat shirts in solidarity while friends and family of George Zimmerman, the neighborhood watch volunteer who shot the unarmed teen to death, remain largely out of sight. The few who have defended Zimmerman have done so reluctantly, most fearing public backlash.

Prominent Pakistani acid victim commits suicide
ISLAMABAD (AP)  Pakistani acid attack victim Fakhra Younus had endured more than three dozen surgeries over more than a decade to repair her severely damaged face and body when she finally decided life was no longer worth living.

Crews focus on containment lines around Colo. fire
CONIFER, Colo. (AP)  Bolstered by reinforcements, fire crews were focusing Wednesday on building containment lines around the 7-square-mile wildfire that destroyed dozens of homes in the mountains southwest of Denver and may have claimed two lives.

Greek police recovers ancient statue from goat-pen
ATHENS, Greece (AP)  Greek police recovered an ancient statue that was illegally excavated and hidden in a goat pen near Athens, and arrested the goat herder and another man who were allegedly trying to sell the work for 500,000 ($667,000).

Cop goes undercover to bust California students
EXETER, Calif. (AP)  On his second trip through high school, former C-student Alex Salinas got a lot of A's.

Lawmaker chastised for wearing hoodie in House
WASHINGTON (AP)  Rep. Bobby Rush has donned a hoodie during a speech on the House floor deploring the killing of Florida teenager Trayvon Martin, receiving a reprimand for violating rules on wearing hats in the House chamber.

Some justices seem open to saving parts of law
WASHINGTON (AP)  Several Supreme Court justices seemed receptive Wednesday to the idea that portions of President Barack Obama's health care law can survive even if the court declares the centerpiece unconstitutional.

White House voices confidence in solicitor general
WASHINGTON (AP)  The White House says it has "every confidence" in the solicitor general's handling of the Supreme Court debate over President Barack Obama's health care law.

Family says search crews find body of Ark. boy, 4
HARDY, Ark. (AP)  The family of a 4-year-old boy who had been missing since he traveled with his aunt to a cleanup day at an Arkansas Boy Scout camp says search crews have found his body.

Mumbai, Miami on list for big weather disasters
WASHINGTON (AP)  Global warming is leading to such severe storms, droughts and heat waves that nations should prepare for an unprecedented onslaught of deadly and costly weather disasters, an international panel of climate scientists says in a report issued Wednesday.

Supporters of Fla. shooter fearful of speaking out
Trayvon Martin's supporters pack churches, swarm rallies and wear hooded sweat shirts in solidarity while friends and family of George Zimmerman, the neighborhood watch volunteer who shot the unarmed teen to death, remain largely out of sight. The few who have defended Zimmerman have done so reluctantly, most fearing public backlash.

Passengers recount fears during captain breakdown
LAS VEGAS (AP)  Passengers aboard an early morning flight from New York bound for Las Vegas first noticed something wrong when the plane's top pilot came out of the cockpit, didn't close the door and tried to force his way into an occupied bathroom.

Snow plow driver, wife charged in Vt. woman death
ST. JOHNSBURY, Vt. (AP)  A Vermont snow plow driver and his wife have pleaded not guilty to second degree murder charges in connection with the strangling of a prep school teacher whose 2-year-old son was found in his mother's idling car on a remote back road.

Debris blamed for deadly Marine chopper crash
CAMP PENDLETON, Calif. (AP)  An internal investigation says a deadly Marine helicopter crash in Southern California last year was likely caused by debris that hit the tail rotor, along with a design flaw and pilot error.

Pope urges more church freedom in Cuba
HAVANA (AP)  Pope Benedict XVI is demanding greater freedom for the Catholic Church in Cuba during a Mass in the shrine of the island's communist revolution. He also denounces fanaticism that tries to impose its truth on others.

Mumbai, Miami on list for big weather disasters
WASHINGTON (AP)  Global warming is leading to such severe storms, droughts and heat waves that nations should prepare for an unprecedented onslaught of deadly and costly weather disasters, an international panel of climate scientists says in a report issued Wednesday.

Arab ministers want Syria to halt crackdown
BAGHDAD (AP)  Arab countries, divided over how to stop Syria's bloodshed, plan to call for the Syrian regime to halt its crackdown on civilians, let in humanitarian groups and free detainees, according to recommendations Wednesday by foreign ministers preparing for a summit this week.

Activists: 40 killed this week in north Syria town
BEIRUT (AP)  Syrian forces have captured a northern town from rebels after four days of fighting in which more than 40 people were killed and homes were burned down, activists said Wednesday.

Lunch-goers by the hundreds bust a move in Sweden
STOCKHOLM (AP)  Some workers in Sweden have found a rather offbeat way to spend their lunch hour. Actually, on-beat is more like it.

Olympic security review after France attacks
LONDON (AP)  Britain has planned for a dizzying array of security nightmares surrounding the Olympics, including a coordinated attack like the London transit bombings, a dirty bomb or a cyberattack.

Prominent Pakistani acid victim commits suicide
ISLAMABAD (AP)  Pakistani acid attack victim Fakhra Younus had endured more than three dozen surgeries over more than a decade to repair her severely damaged face and body when she finally decided life was no longer worth living.

Saudi diplomat kidnapped in southern Yemen
SANAA, Yemen (AP)  Gunmen kidnapped a Saudi diplomat while he was on his way to work Wednesday in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden, the Saudi Foreign Ministry said.

Tibetan exile who set self on fire in India dies
NEW DELHI (AP)  A Tibetan exile who set himself on fire in India to protest a visit by China's president died Wednesday, while hundreds of other activists were being detained.

NATO: Afghans to take lead in majority of country
MONS, Belgium (AP)  Afghan forces will soon start taking charge of security for three-quarters of the nation's 28 million people, NATO's top military commander said Wednesday, a milestone as the country assumes the lead for protecting the majority of its population.

Arizona Democrat drops out of Senate race
WASHINGTON (AP)  Don Bivens, a top Democratic challenger in Arizona's U.S. Senate race, announced Wednesday that he was ending his campaign because a competitive primary battle was draining resources the party needed to win in November.

George H.W. Bush to formally back Romney
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Former President George H.W. Bush plans to endorse Mitt Romney at an event Thursday in Houston.

SPIN METER: President embraces 'Obamacare'
WASHINGTON (AP)  Now that President Barack Obama's re-election campaign has lifted an unofficial ban on using the opposition's term for his health care law, Democratic activists have been chanting "We love Obamacare" in front of the Supreme Court.

Romney makes effort to show more personal side
BURBANK, Calif. (AP)  Mitt Romney doesn't always wear suits these days, and his hair isn't always so perfectly coiffed. He shows up at NASCAR events and tweets pictures of himself eating Subway sandwiches. His wife, Ann, gushes in a new online video about the start of their four-decade old "love story."

Gingrich revamps campaign to deny Romney delegates
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich is drastically reorganizing his money- and delegate-deprived campaign, scaling back a traditional operation to focus on low-cost social media and an effort to cajole delegates to back him over front-runner Mitt Romney.

Romney, on Leno, cracks wise -- just a little
BURBANK, Calif. (AP)  On Jay Leno's "Tonight Show," Republican presidential front-runner Mitt Romney was mostly business  though he slipped in a few jokes at the expense of his host and his main political opponent.

Romney says Obama trying to cozy up to Kremlin
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Sharpening his attacks, Mitt Romney on Tuesday accused President Barack Obama of trying to ingratiate himself with the Kremlin as part of a pattern of "breathtaking weakness'" in foreign policy.

Calif. Democratic treasurer perpetrated $7M fraud
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP)  Democratic campaign treasurer Kinde Durkee defrauded at least 50 candidates, officeholders and political organizations out of $7 million in a scheme that dates back more than a decade, according to a court filing made Tuesday by federal prosecutors.

Romney's fundraisers are quietly amassing millions
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney's presidential fundraising operation dwarfs those of his Republican rivals, with more than $75 million already in donations. It also operates mysteriously at times, withholding the names of Romney's major fundraisers who have helped amass much of its money.

Santorum looks to deny Romney a win by any means
WASHINGTON (AP)  Rick Santorum, showing signs of fatigue and frustration while grasping for strategies to right his unsteady White House bid, is trying to derail Republican front-runner Mitt Romney using any means available  even contradictory messages.

Some justices seem open to saving parts of law
WASHINGTON (AP)  Several Supreme Court justices seemed receptive Wednesday to the idea that portions of President Barack Obama's health care law can survive even if the court declares the centerpiece unconstitutional.

Materials lead US stocks lower as commodities dip
Materials and energy companies are leading U.S. stocks lower at midday as commodity prices fall sharply.

Pasta maker Annie's shares soar in NYSE debut
NEW YORK (AP)  Shares of organic pasta maker Annie's Inc. are soaring in their market debut on the New York Stock Exchange.

US orders for long-lasting goods rise 2.2 percent
WASHINGTON (AP)  U.S. companies ordered more long-lasting goods last month, showing businesses are willing to buy equipment and machinery even after an investment tax credit was halved.

UK government feels the heat on Cornish pasty tax
LONDON (AP)  The British government's intention to tax the humble Cornish pasty, a cheap pastry savory snack much beloved by workers and students, has opened a new front in the country's never-ending class war.

More US CEOs plan to hire as outlook brightens
WASHINGTON (AP)  A growing number of chief executives at large U.S. companies say they are more optimistic about the economy and plan to step up hiring. The brighter view from the boardroom comes after the best three months of job growth in two years.

Express Scripts may close Medco deal next week
NEW YORK (AP)  Shares of Express Scripts Inc. and Medco Health Solutions Inc. jumped Wednesday after the pharmacy benefits managers said their $29.1 billion combination could close as soon as next week.

Pentair and Tyco flow control business to combine
NEW YORK (AP)  Diversified industrial company Pentair said Wednesday that it's combining its operations with Tyco's flow control business in an all-stock deal worth about $4.53 billion, uniting two of the biggest players in water and fluid products systems.

Stock buybacks finally decline in 4Q
BOSTON (AP)  America's biggest corporations spent less money to buy back their stock in the fourth quarter. It's the first time since early 2009 that stock repurchases have declined.

Oil prices fall as supplies grow
NEW YORK (AP)  Oil prices are falling because U.S. supplies have increased and Western nations may be considering a release of additional barrels onto the world market.

Nokia launches China smartphone, hopes for rebound
BEIJING (AP)  Struggling cellphone maker Nokia Corp. launched its first smartphone for China on Wednesday, looking to the world's biggest mobile market to help drive its 1-year-old turnaround effort.

EU Commission wants Cyber Crime Center
BRUSSELS (AP)  The European Commission wants to set up a special center to deal with cyber crime to protect citizens against illegal online activities.

Taiwan police: Woman kills self while on Facebook
TAIPEI, Taiwan (AP)  A woman in Taiwan killed herself by inhaling poisonous fumes while chatting with friends on Facebook and none of them alerted authorities, police said Tuesday.

Harry Potter breaks e-book lockdown
NEW YORK (AP)  When the Harry Potter books finally went on sale in electronic form on Tuesday, it was as if Harry himself had cast the "Alohomora" spell on them  the one that unlocks doors.

Govt IDs more airwaves for commercial wireless
NEW YORK (AP)  The federal government wants to alleviate data congestion on smartphones and other mobile devices by asking the Defense Department, NASA and other agencies to switch to new locations on the airwaves or share their existing frequencies with commercial networks.

Wikipedia founder: Public needs online references
LAGOS, Nigeria (AP)  The man who helped create the online reference Wikipedia said Tuesday that the end of Encyclopaedia Britannica's print run shows the world's growing reliance on the Internet as a base for knowledge.

FTC, RockYou settle over exposed email passwords
NEW YORK (AP)  The Federal Trade Commission says that an online game site called RockYou has reached a settlement with the government over a hacking attack that exposed email addresses and passwords from 32 million users.

Anti-apartheid icon Mandela's life now online
JOHANNESBURG (AP)  Click: South Africa's last white president speaks about his friendship with Nelson Mandela. Click: Mandela and Archbishop Desmond Tutu, two anti-apartheid icons, pose with Tutu's grandchildren. Click: Mandela offers a self-deprecating memory in a handwritten note.

Japan, US, EU discuss rare earth supply security
TOKYO (AP)  Officials from the United States, the European Union and Japan are pledging to work closer together on ways to ensure secure supplies of strategically vital rare earths and other critical materials.

FTC seeks law to shed more light on data brokers
NEW YORK (AP)  The Federal Trade Commission is calling for a new law that would allow people to review the vast amounts of information being collected about them as the Internet, smartphones and other technology make it easier to create digital dossiers of just about anyone's life.

Mumbai, Miami on list for big weather disasters
WASHINGTON (AP)  Global warming is leading to such severe storms, droughts and heat waves that nations should prepare for an unprecedented onslaught of deadly and costly weather disasters, an international panel of climate scientists says in a report issued Wednesday.

Vatican cancels stem cell forum
VATICAN CITY (AP)  The Vatican has canceled a stem cell research conference whose speaker lineup included scientists whose work involves human embryonic stem cells, a practice opposed by church teaching.

Cameron: Earth's deepest spot desolate, foreboding
WASHINGTON (AP)  In James Cameron's fantasy films, like "Avatar" and "The Abyss," the unexplored is splashed in color and fraught with alien danger. But on his dive to the deepest place on Earth, reality proved far different: white, barren and bland.

Report: Oil spill culprit for heavy toll on coral
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  After months of laboratory work, scientists say they can definitively finger oil from BP's blown-out well as the culprit for the slow death of a once brightly colored deep-sea coral community in the Gulf of Mexico that is now brown and dull.

Minor adjustment coming to hurricane wind scale
MIAMI (AP)  Government forecasters are making minor changes to several of the categories in the system for describing hurricane strength.

Research monkey importer facing cruelty charges
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Jurors saw images of wide-eyed little monkeys inside crates as an importer of research monkeys went on trial Monday on cruelty charges after 15 primates died during a series of international flights.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
APC Crosses Critical Technical Indicator


3 Big Dividends From Investing's Best-Kept Secret


Apache's Egyptian Drilling Success


Crimson Exploration: This Fast Growing $3 Energy Concern Has Further Upside


UPDATE 1-Cyprus to seek partnerships for possible LNG plant


Chesapeake Energy: Now A Strong 'Buy' Candidate


Penn Virginia affirms view of FY12 production 40-43 Bcfe


Triangle Petroleum Emerges As One Of Three Bakken/Eagle Ford Growth/Value Stocks To Consider


Ophir Sells $240 Million of Stock to Fund Africa Oil Exploration


Harold Hamm Scores Another Shale Gas Deal


Stock Futures Trim Gains; Pentair Bolts On Tyco Deal


Saratoga Resources, Inc. to Present to the Energy Prospectus Group
[Business Wire] - Saratoga Resources, Inc. announced today it will make a lunch presentation to the Houston-based Energy Prospectus Group on Monday, April 2, 2012. T

Rest Of World Shale Gas Potential Plunges


U.S. Energy Corp. Announces Successive Record Initial Production Rates From Two Zavanna Wells in the Williston Basin
[GlobeNewswire] - RIVERTON, Wyo. -- U.S. Energy Corp. , today reported the initial production rate on the Wang 10-3 #1H well and the Crescent Farms 7-6 #1H well under its drilling program with Zavanna, LLC.

Continental Resources to buy oil assets for $340 million


The Great Alaska Shale Rush
[GlobeNewswire] - SAN DIEGO -- Royale Energy, Inc. reprints article with permission, as published in the March 2012 issue of World Oil Magazine -- In late February 2012, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) issued the first ...

UPDATE 1-Continental Resources to buy oil assets for $340 million


Continental buying oil fields for $320 mln


Cyprus to seek partnerships for possible LNG plant


Continental Resources, Inc. to Purchase 37,900 Net Acres in the Bakken Play With 2.5 MBoe Average Daily Production
[PR Newswire] - OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla., March 28, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Continental Resources, Inc. (NYSE: CLR - News) has entered into an agreement to purchase the assets of Wheatland Oil Inc. of Enid, Oklahoma. Wheatland's principal ...

Devon Energy risk/reward favorable ahead of analyst day, says UBS


Cyprus Seeks Considerable Stake in LNG Plant, Sylikiotis Says


Total downplays rig explosion concerns


Exxon Mobil affirms resource base over 87B boe at end 2011


4 High Dividend Yield Stocks With Encouraging Inventory Trends


[$$] Cameron Denounces U.K. Fuel Strike


[$$] Total Dismisses Explosion Concerns


How A Big Loss Made Me A Dividend Growth Investor


Brazil Oil Union Files Suit to Suspend Chevron, Transocean


Apache's Egyptian Drilling Success


Sandstorm Gold Limited: One To Watch


Early Glance: Oil companies


Conoco extends Trainer sale deadline due to interest


Brazil oil workers file lawsuit against Chevron
[Reuters] - Brazil's largest oil workers union filed a civil lawsuit against oil company Chevron and drilling firm Transocean that seeks to cancel their rights to operate in the offshore oil field where they suffered ...

Ophir Sells $240 Million of Stock to Fund Africa Oil Exploration


UPDATE 2-CNOOC posts record profit, eyes on deepwater


Comparing And Modeling Chesapeake Energy And Chevron Prices


Shares Of French Energy Giant Total Have Been Tanking Over Fears Of A New Deepwater Horizon-Type Leak


UPDATE 1-Brazil oil workers file lawsuit against Chevron


Rest Of World Shale Gas Potential Plunges


[$$] Total's Recall of Oil Risk


Analyst: Total SA share losses have gone too far


Brazil oil workers file suit against Chevron-court


New Issue-Hercules Offshore sells $500 mln notes


Shares of MWE Now Oversold


Total Leads Surge in Oil Company Default Swaps on Gas Leak


Brazil Oil Union Files Suit to Suspend Chevron, Transocean


Wednesday 3/28 Insider Buying Report: SD, ESL


Magnum Hunter Resources Chairman and CEO Speaks Today at TIPRO's 66th Annual Convention
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Mr. Gary C. Evans, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Magnum Hunter Resources Corporation will speak today at 10:00 AM Central Time at the Texas Independent Producers ...

EnerJex to Present at National Eagles and Angels Association Meeting in Houston


Cardinal Midstream Brings Its Third Cryogenic Processing Plant Online in Oklahomas Arkoma Woodford Shale


Pegasi Successfully Drills Its First Horizontal Well


Most Swiss Stocks Decline; Nestle, Petroplus Shares Fall


IOC in talks with BG, others to secure LNG supplies


Goldman cuts commodities to neutral from overweight


Transocean Biggest Winner From 28% Jump in Oil Rig Rates: Energy


Hercules Offshore to Present at the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hercules Offshore, Inc. (Nasdaq: HERO - News) announced today that John T. Rynd, Chief Executive Officer and President, will present at the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy ...

Hercules Offshore Prices Private Placement of Senior Secured Notes and Senior Notes
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hercules Offshore, Inc. (Nasdaq: HERO - News) today announced that it has priced a private placement of $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes ...

1 Energy Stock Paying a Huge Dividend


Potential Tax-Free Dividends Planned for Enerplus?


Total slides as gas leaks from platform off of Scotland


A Look At 5 Stock Picks


Chevron, Transocean Criminal Charges Create Covered Call Options


GeoMet Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2011 Results of Operations Schedule and Conference Call
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - GeoMet, Inc. announced today that it plans to file its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 on March 29, 2012 and to release its fourth quarter and fiscal 2011 ...

Legacy Reserves LP Announces Hiring of Dan G. LeRoy, Vice President and General Counsel
[GlobeNewswire] - MIDLAND, Texas -- Legacy Reserves LP ("Legacy") today announced the hiring of Dan G. LeRoy as Vice President and General Counsel of Legacy Reserves GP LLC, its general partner, effective May ...

Deep Down Reports 2011 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 28, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Deep Down, Inc. (OTC QB: DPDW) ("Deep Down" or the "Company"), an oilfield services company specializing in products and services for the deepwater ...

What Halliburton Does With Its Cash


Baker Hughes Passes This Key Test


What Baker Hughes Does With Its Cash


One Reason Newpark Resources' Earnings Aren't So Hot


Oceaneering International Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call Dates
[Business Wire] - Oceaneering International, Inc. announced it will release its first quarter 2012 earnings on Wednesday, April 25, after 5:00 p.m. Eastern .

Here's Why CARBO Ceramics' Earnings Are Worse Than They Look


Williams Gets Venezuela Asset Price


Newpark Resources Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule
[PR Newswire] - THE WOODLANDS, Texas, March 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Newpark Resources, Inc. (NYSE: NR - News) announced today that it will release its first quarter 2012 results on Thursday, April 26, 2012 after the market ...

UK delays decision on mandatory emissions reporting


[video] Tuesday 3/27 Insider Buying Report: BAS, FE


Baker Hughes aims at costs after profit warning


North American Drilling Cycle - An Update


McMoRan Exploration Co. Announces Flare at Davy Jones No. 1  Flow Rates Not Yet Determinable
[Business Wire] - McMoRan Exploration Co. announced today continuing progress to flow test the Davy Jones No. 1 well on South Marsh Island Block 230. As previously reported, McMoRan saw positive pressure response from the Wilcox D sand which was perforated on March 24, 2012.

Holzer Holzer & Fistel, LLC Filed a Class Action Lawsuit Against Carbo Ceramics Inc.; Reminds Investors of Approaching Lead Plaintiff Deadline
[Marketwire] - ATLANTA, GA-- - Holzer Holzer & Fistel, LLC announces that it has filed a class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of purchasers of Carbo ...

Wyoming: Environmentalists sue over fracking fluid


Tuesday 3/27 Insider Buying Report: BAS, FE


Why Baker Hughes' Earnings May Not Be So Hot


Profire Energy, Inc. Completes Lindon Office Build-Out and Offers General Corporate Update


North American Energy Partners Receives Lender Approval for Amendment to Credit Agreement
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - North American Energy Partners Inc. today announced that it has received the required approval from its syndicate of lenders to amend the Company's credit agreement.The amendment extends ...

Mo. officials praise decision for $2.8B pipeline


Union Gas supports Barton Secondary School Breakfast Program


Regency Energy Partners 2011 Annual Report Now Available
[Business Wire] - Regency Energy Partners LP filed its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22,

Cardinal Midstream Brings Its Third Cryogenic Processing Plant Online in Oklahomas Arkoma Woodford Shale


Enterprise Products Partners' New Expansions Bode Well For Its Future


6 Reasons Holly Energy Partners Is A Solid Dividend Play


Investment banking: David versus Goliath
[at Financial Times] - In the past year, the long-predicted shakeout in the investment banking sector has begun in earnest.

NYSE stocks posting largest volume increases


Magellan Midstream to Host Analyst Meeting on April 3
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., March 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (NYSE: MMP - News) plans to host a meeting with analysts and investors beginning at 9:00 a.m. Eastern on Tues., April 3 in New York ...

Williams Gets Venezuela Asset Price


UPDATE 1-Kinder delays decision on Trans Mountain expansion


OKS Crosses Critical Technical Indicator


Enbridge, Enterprise to double Seaway pipeline capacity
[Reuters] - Enbridge Inc and Enterprise Products Partners LP will more than double the capacity of the Seaway Pipeline, easing a major oil glut in the United States that has led to an unprecedented distortion in crude ...

Trans Mountain Extends Expansion Open Season
[Business Wire] - Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, L.P. today announced that following a review of the commitments received through Kinder Morgan Canadas recent Trans Mountain expansion open season, it will extend the Open Season an additional two weeks commencing today, March 27.

Summary Box: Enbridge spending $3.8B on pipeline


Canada to slim environmental tests for big projects


Enbridge Energy Partners to Webcast Its 2012 First Quarter Results
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. will review the results of its first quarter 2012 operations and in an Internet presentation, beginning at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time on Tuesday, May 1, 2012. ...

Kinder Morgan says Platte line overbooked in April


Gas drilling rigs decline in Pa. and nationwide


[video] Energy Check: U.S. Supply Glut


Plains All American Still A Pipeline For Fat Yields, More Gains


Enbridge, Enterprise to double Seaway pipeline capacity
[Reuters] - Enbridge Inc and Enterprise Products Partners LP will more than double the capacity of the Seaway Pipeline, easing a major oil glut in the United States that has led to an unprecedented distortion in crude ...

CVR Energy urges shareholders to reject Icahn bid


Here's 1 Reason Ferrellgas Partners Looks Weak


IOC Crosses Critical Technical Indicator


CVR Energy Sends Open Letter to Stockholders
[PR Newswire] - SUGAR LAND, Texas, March 28, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- CVR Energy, Inc. (NYSE: CVI - News), a refiner and marketer of petroleum fuels and a majority owner of CVR Partners, LP (NYSE:UAN - News), a nitrogen fertilizer producer, ...

Eagle Rock Energy Announces Promotion of Rob Hallett to Senior Vice President, Business Development
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Eagle Rock Energy Partners, L.P. ("Eagle Rock" or the "Partnership") today announced that Robert D. Hallett has been promoted to the position of Senior Vice President, Business ...

[$$] Gas-Price Highs, Refiners' Lows


Western Refining's Management Present at the Barclays Bank High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference (Transcript)
[at Seeking Alpha] - Western Refining's Management Present at the Barclays Bank High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference (Transcript)

California-Blend Gasoline Drops on High Fuel Supply, Few Buyers


Kior Rises as Biofuel Plant Nears Completion: Houston Mover


RPT-COLUMN-Will RBOB run off a cliff again?-Campbell


COLUMN-Will RBOB run off a cliff again?-Campbell


Power Solutions International, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Results
[GlobeNewswire] - Fourth Quarter Net Sales Up 52% Year Over Year, 6% SequentiallyFourth Quarter Net Income of $0.6 Million or $0.06 Per Diluted ShareFourth Quarter Adjusted Net Income of $1.7 Million or $0.18 Per Diluted ...

Los Angeles Diesel Rises to Two-Week High on BP Refinery Flaring


Western Refining to Participate in Barclays Capital 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference
[GlobeNewswire] - EL PASO, Texas -- Western Refining, Inc. announced today that Company management will present at the Barclays Capital 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference in Phoenix, Arizona. The presentation ...

KiOR Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings
[Business Wire] - KiOR, Inc. , a next-generation renewable fuels company, today announced its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2011.

Investing In China's Oil And Gas Sector With This Non-Government Entity


Marathon Oil still expects production growth


Has Ferrellgas Partners Made You Any Real Money?


US petrol prices close in on $4
[at Financial Times] - Petrol prices in the US are fast approaching $4 a gallon amid fears among wholesalers that the possible closure of loss-making oil refineries could lead to supply shortages before the peak summer driving ...

Marathon sees higher Bakken output


Marathon Oil CEO Clarence Cazalot Reaffirms Growth Trajectory at Howard Weil Energy Conference
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - HOUSTON, March 26, 2012 - Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE: MRO - News) Chairman, President and CEO Clarence P. Cazalot, Jr. today provided investors with a comprehensive report on the Company`s operations and ...

Marathon Runs Well With These 2 Metrics


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.85
[3.85, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85]

Indianapolis
3.842
[3.82, 3.84, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85]

USA Average
3.89

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
105.27

Brent Prices
123.77

