This file created: March-29 16:08

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
House approves Republican deficit-cutting plan
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republicans pushed an election-year, $3.5 trillion budget through the House on Thursday that relies on biting spending cuts and a revamping of Medicare to curb massive federal deficits, drawing a sharp contrast with how President Barack Obama and Democrats would tackle the nation's fiscal problems.

Sunni rulers largely shun Iraq at Arab summit
BAGHDAD (AP)  Sunni Muslim rulers largely shunned an Arab League summit hosted by Shiite-led Iraq on Thursday, illustrating how powerfully the sectarian split and the rivalry with Iran define Middle Eastern politics in the era of the Arab Spring.

Syria's Assad demands rebels halt attacks
BEIRUT (AP)  Syria's President Bashar Assad said Thursday he will spare no effort to make U.N. envoy Kofi Annan's peace plan a success, but demanded that armed opponents battling his regime commit to halting violence.

Autism rates up; screening, better diagnosis cited
ATLANTA (AP)  Autism cases are on the rise again, largely due to wider screening and better diagnosis, federal health officials said Thursday.

Trayvon Martin's parents seize on video of shooter
SANFORD, Fla. (AP)  Trayvon Martin's family has seized on a police video of neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman, saying it does not show the injuries Zimmerman claims he suffered before fatally shooting the unarmed black teenager.

JetBlue captain's unraveling baffles friends
RICHMOND HILL, Ga. (AP)  No one recalls JetBlue Airways captain Clayton Osbon coming unhinged before. Not the airline that let him fly for 12 years, the neighbors in his secluded waterfront community or the friends he tried selling weight-loss shakes to on the side.

Woman:  'Helpless, trapped' at rectory with abuser
PHILADELPHIA (AP)  A witness in a landmark priest-abuse trial in Philadelphia described feeling "helpless and trapped" as a 13-year-old, because her priest was fondling her when she worked weekends at the rectory.

Judge ends Lohan's probation, gives back freedom
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Lindsay Lohan's days as a criminal defendant could be over  if she can behave herself.

AP source: No decision on appeal, Saints' coach
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  Decisions are still pending on a possible appeal of Sean Payton's suspension or an interim coach should his season-long punishment be upheld, a person familiar with the situation said.

Obama spends millions more than GOP campaigns
WASHINGTON (AP)  The costly Republican primary has been draining Mitt Romney's wallet and giving President Barack Obama time to build an expansive campaign architecture with offices in 45 states and hundreds of employees.

Judge ends Lohan's probation, gives back freedom
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Lindsay Lohan's days as a criminal defendant could be over  if she can behave herself.

Hospital: Mo. jail death mom treated appropriately
RICHMOND HEIGHTS, Mo. (AP)  A St. Louis hospital says it made every effort to help a homeless woman who sought treatment for a sprained ankle and who subsequently died while in police custody following her arrest for refusing to leave the emergency room.

Video of handcuffed Fla. shooter adds to debate
MIAMI (AP)  Newly released police video of a handcuffed George Zimmerman may be important for what it doesn't show: No obvious cuts, scrapes, blood or bandages. No clearly broken nose. No plainly visible evidence of a life-and-death struggle with Trayvon Martin.

Mich. militia head, son plead guilty to gun charge
DETROIT (AP)  A Michigan militia leader and his son pleaded guilty Thursday to possessing a machine gun, giving prosecutors their only gain in a domestic terror trial that was upended when the judge dismissed charges of plotting war against the government.

Details of Vt. teacher's death stun communities
St. JOHNSBURY, Vt. (AP)  A snowplow driver and his wife went to great lengths to dispose of the body of a popular teacher they had just beaten and strangled, putting her nude body on a tarp, pouring bleach on it, weighing the corpse down with concrete blocks and tossing it into the Connecticut River, court documents allege.

Autism rates up; screening, better diagnosis cited
ATLANTA (AP)  Autism cases are on the rise again, largely due to wider screening and better diagnosis, federal health officials said Thursday.

Some residents not warned about Colo. wildfire
CONIFER, Colo. (AP)  Some residents in the path of a Colorado wildfire weren't warned to flee because of a problem in an automated call system that relayed a mandatory evacuation order, authorities said Thursday.

AP Interview: Missing toddler's mom wants answers
PORTLAND, Maine (AP)  The mother of a toddler missing since December says she was in denial for three months but has come to accept the heart-wrenching possibilities of what may have happened to her daughter, whose whereabouts remain unknown as her second birthday approaches.

JetBlue captain's unraveling baffles friends
RICHMOND HILL, Ga. (AP)  No one recalls JetBlue Airways captain Clayton Osbon coming unhinged before. Not the airline that let him fly for 12 years, the neighbors in his secluded waterfront community or the friends he tried selling weight-loss shakes to on the side.

Teen faces life sentence in slaying of UK tourists
SARASOTA, Fla. (AP)  In a case that generated blaring tabloid headlines in the U.K. press, a Florida teen is facing life in prison without parole for murdering two young British tourists who got lost and wandered into a housing project where their convicted killer lived.

Sunni rulers largely shun Iraq at Arab summit
BAGHDAD (AP)  Sunni Muslim rulers largely shunned an Arab League summit hosted by Shiite-led Iraq on Thursday, illustrating how powerfully the sectarian split and the rivalry with Iran define Middle Eastern politics in the era of the Arab Spring.

Iran, Turkey sharply differ on Syria
TEHRAN, Iran (AP)  Iran's top leader says Tehran strongly supports reforms in Syria under President Bashar Assad, but the visiting Turkish prime minister says Assad can't be trusted and must go.

Egypt: Islamists press generals to fire government
CAIRO (AP)  Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood-led parliament began drawing up a no-confidence motion against the military-appointed government Thursday, further escalating the Islamists' increasingly public power struggle with the country's ruling generals.

Syria's Assad demands rebels halt attacks
BEIRUT (AP)  Syria's President Bashar Assad said Thursday he will spare no effort to make U.N. envoy Kofi Annan's peace plan a success, but demanded that armed opponents battling his regime commit to halting violence.

French gunman buried after terror attacks
TOULOUSE, France (AP)  The gunman who claimed responsibility for France's worst terror attacks in years was buried Thursday in a Toulouse cemetery, ending a tortured debate over what to do with the body of a man the president called a "monster."

Guerlain cosmetic empire heir convicted of racism
PARIS (AP)  A French court convicted longtime perfume maker Jean-Paul Guerlain on Thursday of making racist insults on national television and fined him 6,000 ($8,000).

UK hacking scandal claims 3rd senior police figure
LONDON (AP)  Scotland Yard's communications chief resigned Thursday, the third senior police figure to part with his job over the force's failure to come to grips with Britain's phone hacking scandal.

Venezuela poll finds Hugo Chavez ahead of rival
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP)  A new poll in Venezuela has found that more than 44 percent of respondents say they would vote for President Hugo Chavez, giving him a 13-point lead ahead of his opposition rival.

Spaniards wage nationwide strike against austerity
MADRID (AP)  Spanish workers livid over labor reforms they see as flagrantly pro-business staged a nationwide strike Thursday and tried to bring the country to a halt by blocking traffic, closing factories and clashing with police in rowdy demonstrations.

AP Exclusive: Nigeria ex-militant linked to bid
LAGOS, Nigeria (AP)  A former militant leader in Nigeria's oil-rich southern delta is linked to a private security company that signed a $103 million deal with the government to patrol the West African nation's waterways against pirates, officials have told The Associated Press.

Obama spends millions more than GOP campaigns
WASHINGTON (AP)  The costly Republican primary has been draining Mitt Romney's wallet and giving President Barack Obama time to build an expansive campaign architecture with offices in 45 states and hundreds of employees.

Outside group targets Obama record on energy
WASHINGTON (AP)  An outside group is lashing out at President Barack Obama's energy record, airing $3.6 million in ads in eight key states blaming him for high gas prices and his decision to delay the Keystone XL pipeline project.

In Wisconsin, Romney links Santorum to 'big labor'
LACROSSE, Wis. (AP)  Republican presidential front-runner Mitt Romney is attacking rival Rick Santorum as a friend of "big labor" as they campaign in Wisconsin, where a fight over labor unions is fueling a bitter recall effort aimed at Gov. Scott Walker.

Romney edges into mop-up phase of campaign
WASHINGTON (AP)  After a three-month struggle, Mitt Romney edged into the mop-up phase of the race for the Republican presidential nomination on Wednesday, buoyed by Newt Gingrich's decision to scale back his campaign to the vanishing point and Rick Santorum's statement that he would take the No. 2 spot on the party ticket in the fall.

Rubio endorses Romney, says GOP primary should end
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida endorsed Mitt Romney as the party's presidential nominee Wednesday night, saying it's increasingly clear that Romney will win the nomination and that continuing the primary fight will only damage the effort to defeat President Barack Obama.

Biden says Romney 'consistently wrong' on jobs
DAVENPORT, Iowa (AP)  Vice President Joe Biden said Wednesday that Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is "consistently wrong" on U.S. manufacturing, painting him as someone who doesn't believe the sector is crucial to future U.S. economic success and as a proponent of outsourcing.

House approves Republican deficit-cutting plan
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republicans have pushed an election-year $3.5 trillion budget through a divided House that showcases their plans for trimming federal deficits and contrasts sharply with how President Barack Obama and Democrats would tackle the nation's fiscal problems.

A political tip sheet for the rest of us
WASHINGTON (AP)  A political tip sheet for the rest of us outside the Washington Beltway, for Wednesday, March 28:

2012 election far off but inaugural plans begin
WASHINGTON (AP)  The presidential election may be seven months off, but congressional leaders have already begun planning for the winner's inauguration. The first item of concern? Preventing another "purple tunnel of doom."

Report: Illegal overtime on Apple assembly line
NEW YORK (AP)  Workers who assemble iPhones and iPads often put in more than 60 hours per week and sometimes work for a week straight in violation of Chinese law, according to the first independent audit of Chinese factories where Apple products are made.

Congress passes bill to keep highway aid flowing
WASHINGTON (AP)  Congress passed a stopgap three-month bill Thursday to keep federal highway and transit aid flowing and avoid a widespread shutdown of construction projects. The move pushes congressional action on a long-term overhaul of transportation programs deeper into an already fractious election year.

US economy grew 3 percent in final quarter of 2011
WASHINGTON (AP)  The U.S. economy grew at an annual rate of 3 percent in the final three months of 2011, the best pace in a year and a half. But that growth has likely slowed in the current quarter.

US stocks fall on worries about Europe's economy
NEW YORK (AP)  Stocks fell Thursday for the third day in a row after reminders that Europe has not solved its debt crisis and the U.S. economy is far from healed, despite progress on both fronts.

Court takes health care case behind closed doors
WASHINGTON (AP)  The survival of President Barack Obama's health care overhaul rests with a Supreme Court seemingly split over ideology and, more particularly, in the hands of two Republican-appointed justices.

Millennial Media shares double in market debut
NEW YORK (AP)  Shares of Millennial Media doubled in the mobile advertising company's market debut Thursday, as the IPO market heats up this spring.

US jobless claims fall to lowest level in 4 years
WASHINGTON (AP)  The number of people seeking U.S. unemployment benefits dropped last week to the lowest level in four years, adding to evidence that the job market is strengthening.

Making car payment takes priority, study finds
NEW YORK (AP)  The recession and its hangover may have turned bill-paying habits upside down. Cash-strapped Americans are paying off their car loans before they pay credit card bills and make mortgage payments, a study finds.

Bernanke optimistic on long-term economic growth
WASHINGTON (AP)  Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke says he thinks the U.S. economy will return to its long-term growth of around 3 percent a year despite the weaknesses it still faces.

Best Buy to cut costs and close stores
MINNEAPOLIS (AP)  In order to grow, Best Buy is shrinking.

Report: Illegal overtime on Apple assembly line
NEW YORK (AP)  Workers who assemble iPhones and iPads often put in more than 60 hours per week and sometimes work for a week straight in violation of Chinese law, according to the first independent audit of Chinese factories where Apple products are made.

Egypt court orders ban of pornographic websites
CAIRO (AP)  An Egyptian court has ordered the government to ban pornographic Internet websites in order to protect society and its values.

PayPal taps mobile chief Marcus as next CEO
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP)  PayPal's mobile unit chief will become the online payments service's next CEO.

LivingSocial launches takeout and delivery service
NEW YORK (AP)  Throw away all those soy sauce-stained takeout menus.

Millennial Media shares double in market debut
NEW YORK (AP)  Shares of Millennial Media doubled in the mobile advertising company's market debut Thursday, as the IPO market heats up this spring.

Philippine court halts grad ban over bikini photos
MANILA, Philippines (AP)  A Philippine court on Thursday ordered a Catholic girls' school to allow five students to attend graduation ceremonies after they were barred over photos on Facebook that showed them wearing bikinis.

Oracle, Google gird for trial on Android dispute
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Oracle and Google are digging in their heels as they prepare for an upcoming trial.

Amazon CEO plans to raise sunken Apollo 11 engines
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Long before Jeff Bezos became an Internet mogul, he was enthralled by the mysteries of space.

Facebook's Zuckerberg meets Japan's prime minister
TOKYO (AP)  Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg says Japan's massive tsunami inspired him to seek more ways for his social network to help people hit by natural disasters.

Latest buzz on bee decline: Maybe it's pesticides
WASHINGTON (AP)  A common class of pesticide is causing problems for honeybees and bumblebees, important species already in trouble, two studies suggest.

Foot find shows prehuman walked same time as Lucy
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Lucy, it turns out, had company  another prehuman that also walked but spent more of its time in trees.

Mumbai, Miami on list for big weather disasters
WASHINGTON (AP)  Global warming is leading to such severe storms, droughts and heat waves that nations should prepare for an unprecedented onslaught of deadly and costly weather disasters, an international panel of climate scientists said in a new report issued Wednesday.

Amazon CEO plans to raise sunken Apollo 11 engines
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Long before Jeff Bezos became an Internet mogul, he was enthralled by the mysteries of space.

Vatican cancels stem cell forum
VATICAN CITY (AP)  The Vatican has canceled a stem cell research conference whose speaker lineup included scientists whose work involves human embryonic stem cells, a practice opposed by church teaching.

Cameron: Earth's deepest spot desolate, foreboding
WASHINGTON (AP)  In James Cameron's fantasy films, like "Avatar" and "The Abyss," the unexplored is splashed in color and fraught with alien danger. But on his dive to the deepest place on Earth, reality proved far different: white, barren and bland.

Report: Oil spill culprit for heavy toll on coral
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  After months of laboratory work, scientists say they can definitively finger oil from BP's blown-out well as the culprit for the slow death of a once brightly colored deep-sea coral community in the Gulf of Mexico that is now brown and dull.

Minor adjustment coming to hurricane wind scale
MIAMI (AP)  Government forecasters are making minor changes to several of the categories in the system for describing hurricane strength.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
ZaZa Energy Expands to 140,000 Acres in the Texas Eaglebine and Commences Six Well Drilling Program
[Business Wire] - ZaZa Energy Corporation announced today that it has expanded its position in the Eaglebine trend in eastern Texas to a nearly contiguous total holding of approximately 144,123 gross acres through a transaction with Range Texas Production, LLC , a subsidiary of Range Resources Corporation .

[$$] Natural Gas Slides to 10-Year Low


Look Whos Making the Most of Rising Oil Prices


GeoGlobal To Host 2011 Year End Conference Call on March 30, 2012
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - GeoGlobal Resources Inc. today announced it will host a conference call on Friday, March 30, 2012 at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time to discuss its financial results for the fourth quarter ...

Natural gas price drops to a 10-year low


Two Energy Players to Watch: CHK and TSO


To Canada and back again:a new US oil pipeline race


US Cash Products-Gulf gasoline seesaws on scheduling, outage


Crimson Exploration Inc. Announces Woodbine Oil Discovery in Madison County, Texas at an Initial Rate of 1,203 Boepd
[Business Wire] - Crimson Exploration Inc. announced today the successful completion of the Mosley #1H , its first horizontal Woodbine oil well in Madison County, Texas, at a gross initial production rate of 1,203 Boepd, or 1,017 barrels of oil, 87 barrels of natural gas liquids and 595 mcf, on a 30/64th choke and 601 psi of tubing pressure.

[video] Thursday 3/29 Insider Buying Report: NKE, BCEI


EPD, Enbridge Boost Seaway Capacity


Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. Shares Enter Oversold Territory


Thursday 3/29 Insider Buying Report: NKE, BCEI


Delek Drilling, Avner Oil eye overseas share offering


BP Enters The Utica Shale


VAALCO to Present at Upcoming Conferences
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- VAALCO Energy, Inc. (NYSE: EGY - News) today announced that the Company will present at the following conferences. All slide presentations will be available on VAALCO's ...

UPDATE 1-Encana looks for partner for a number of regions


Tengasco Announces Year-End 2011 Financials and Results of Operations
[PR Newswire] - KNOXVILLE, Tenn., March 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Tengasco, Inc. (NYSE Amex: TGC) announced today that it has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ...

Sanchez Energy posts $1.4M 4Q loss


U.S. Energy Corp. Announces Increases in Total Commitment Amount and Borrowing Base
[GlobeNewswire] - Commitment Amount Increases to $100 Million

AED Restarts Michigan Drilling Program Following Early End to Frost Law Moratorium


Pyramid Oil Company Reports Strong Full-Year and Fourth Quarter Financial Growth
[Marketwire] - BAKERSFIELD, CA-- - Pyramid Oil Company Selected Highlights:Full-year oil and gas sales increase 26% to $5.7 million versus 2010 Full-year EPS improves to $0.23 from $0.05 in prior year Operating cash ...

Noble Energy Gets Ahead Of Schedule In 2012


[$$] Natural Gas Slides to 10-Year Low


Natural gas price drops to a 10-year low


Chevron First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call
[Business Wire] - Chevron Corporation , one of the worlds leading energy companies, will hold its quarterly earnings conference call on Friday, April 27, 2012, at 11:00 a.m. EDT (8:00 a.m.

Chinese firm surpasses Exxon in oil production


Crude Supplies Jump to 7-Month High


Summary Box: PetroChina now tops in oil production


A look at major deals involving PetroChina


Midday Market Report: Unemployment Concerns Weigh on Oil, Stocks


PetroChina Plans Acquisitions to Boost Output, Expand Overseas


The End Of Exxon's Reign? PetroChina Now The Biggest Oil Producer


US Cash Products-Gulf gasoline seesaws on scheduling, outage


Total closer to discovering cause of gas leak
[at Financial Times] - Total, the French energy company, said it had made progress in identifying the cause of a gas leak from a production platform in the North Sea which was evacuated on Sunday amid fears of an imminent explosion....

Midday Glance: Oil companies


Summary Box: Environmentalists fear broader spill


[$$] Total's Gas Leak Shows Risks of High-Pressure Fields


Royal Dutch Shell plc: Buyback of Own Shares


[$$] North Sea Gas Leak Could Cost Billions


UPDATE 2-Obama makes fresh call to end Big Oil's breaks


Senate Fails to Advance Bill Repealing Oil Tax Breaks


SandRidge Energy, Inc. Announces Extension of Credit Facility Maturity and Increase in Borrowing Base
[PR Newswire] - OKLAHOMA CITY, March 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- SandRidge Energy, Inc. ("SandRidge") (NYSE: SD - News) today announced that it has increased the borrowing base and extended the maturity of its senior ...

ZaZa Energy Expands to 140,000 Acres in the Texas Eaglebine and Commences Six Well Drilling Program
[Business Wire] - ZaZa Energy Corporation announced today that it has expanded its position in the Eaglebine trend in eastern Texas to a nearly contiguous total holding of approximately 144,123 gross acres through a transaction with Range Texas Production, LLC , a subsidiary of Range Resources Corporation .

CRT Stock Crowded With Sellers


Did Unit Squander Its Latest Sales Increase?


Ashok, Cheung Kong, Hankyu, Nippon, Suzlon: Asia Stock Preview


EnerJex Announces Drilling Success and Increased Oil Production From Its Rantoul Project


Hercules Offshore upgraded to Buy from Underperform at CLSA


Transocean upgraded to Outperform from Underperform at CLSA


Equity Research on Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc. and SandRidge Energy Inc. - Oil & Gas Drilling & Exploration Buoyed by Oil Prices
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - www.shinesrooms.com has a handpicked team of market professionals with over 100 years of combined investing experience. Today they are providing members comprehensive research on the Oil ...

Nabors Industries shares could advance signficantly, says Argus


Norway Petroleum Safety Authority Issues Order to Transocean


Enerplus Announces Cash Dividend for April 2012


Major support seen on Ensco chart


Brent near $124 as U.S. crude stocks rise offsets Iran


Pacific Drilling's 2011 Results Show Potential For This Offshore Drilling Company


Hercules Offshore Announces Closing of the Ocean Columbia Acquisition
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 28, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hercules Offshore, Inc. (Nasdaq: HERO - News) announced today that it has closed the previously announced acquisition of the offshore drilling rig Ocean Columbia from a ...

Whiting Petroleum Corporation Announces Completion of Initial Public Offering of 18,400,000 Trust Units in Whiting USA Trust II
[Business Wire] - Whiting Petroleum Corporation announced today that it completed its initial public offering of 18,400,000 units of beneficial interest in Whiting USA Trust II at $20.00 per trust unit to the public.

Snag This Bargain Energy Stock Even Cheaper Than Director Jordan Did


Helmerich & Payne Still Neutral


Chevron faces new suit over Brazil spill
[at Financial Times] - Chevron and Transocean are facing further legal battles in Brazil's promising oil market after the industry's largest workers union filed a civil lawsuit against the companies for last year's spill off ...

Enerplus Announces Executive Resignation


[video] Wednesday 3/28 Insider Buying Report: SD, ESL
[at Forbes] - Bargain hunters are wise to pay careful attention to insider buying, because although there are [...]

Core Laboratories to launch dual listing in Amsterdam


TETRA Technologies Passes This Key Test


FMC Climbs After $1.5 Billion Petrobras Agreement: Dallas Mover


FMC Technologies signs $1.5 billion supply deal with Petrobras


UPDATE 1-FMC Technologies signs $1.5 bln supply deal with Petrobras


FMC Tech to supply Petrobras in $1.5 bln deal


FMC Signs $1.5 Billion Deal to Sell Equipment to Petrobras


FMC Tech announces $1.5B pre-salt subsea trea agreement with Petrobras


EGPI Firecreek, Inc. to Initiate Oil & Gas Workover and Development Program Into New Untapped Proven Pay Zones


Core Labs says Brazil tough place for oil services


Adino Energy Announces Future Drilling Plans for Two New Wells on Coats Lease in Runnels County, Texas


CARBO Schedules First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call for April 26, 2012
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 28, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- CARBO Ceramics Inc. (NYSE: CRR - News) announced that it plans to release earnings results for the first quarter 2012 on April 26, 2012, and will host a conference call ...

FMC Technologies Announces First Quarter Earnings Release and Teleconference Schedule
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 28, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- FMC Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: FTI - News) announced that it will issue its first quarter 2012 earnings release after the market closes on Tuesday, April 24, 2012. The Company ...

2 Big Falling Knives in the Energy Market


Basic Energy Services sees 2012 CapEx $250M


Deep Down Reports 2011 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 28, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Deep Down, Inc. (OTC QB: DPDW) ("Deep Down" or the "Company"), an oilfield services company specializing in products and services for the deepwater ...

What Halliburton Does With Its Cash


Baker Hughes Passes This Key Test


What Baker Hughes Does With Its Cash


One Reason Newpark Resources' Earnings Aren't So Hot


Oceaneering International Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call Dates
[Business Wire] - Oceaneering International, Inc. announced it will release its first quarter 2012 earnings on Wednesday, April 25, after 5:00 p.m. Eastern .

To Canada and back again:a new US oil pipeline race


Goldman kicks off Indian charm offensive


Kinder Morgan Expands Storage Space


EPD, Enbridge Boost Seaway Capacity


KMR Stock Crowded With Sellers


5 Energy MLPs Poised to Pop


Media Advisory - President & CEO of Spectra Energy to Address Economic Club of Canada on April 2


Proposed Canada pipelines: A crude gesture


[video] Enbridge CEO on Pipeline Race


TEXT-S&P Raises Energy Transfer Equity Rtgs On Acq; Outlook Stable


MLPs Still Gushing With Yield And Value


US crude stocks approach record levels
[at Financial Times] - Stocks of oil at the delivery place for US crude futures are nearing record levels as production grows and refineries undergo seasonal maintenance.

Genesis Energy, L.P. Completes Public Offering of Common Units
[Business Wire] - Genesis Energy, L.P. announced today that it has completed its previously announced underwritten public offering of common units. Including the overallotment option, wh

Mo. officials praise decision for $2.8B pipeline


Union Gas supports Barton Secondary School Breakfast Program


Regency Energy Partners 2011 Annual Report Now Available
[Business Wire] - Regency Energy Partners LP filed its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22,

Cardinal Midstream Brings Its Third Cryogenic Processing Plant Online in Oklahomas Arkoma Woodford Shale


Enterprise Products Partners' New Expansions Bode Well For Its Future


6 Reasons Holly Energy Partners Is A Solid Dividend Play


Investment banking: David versus Goliath
[at Financial Times] - In the past year, the long-predicted shakeout in the investment banking sector has begun in earnest.

Magellan Midstream to Host Analyst Meeting on April 3
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., March 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (NYSE: MMP - News) plans to host a meeting with analysts and investors beginning at 9:00 a.m. Eastern on Tues., April 3 in New York ...

Williams Gets Venezuela Asset Price


Uncertainties Weighing on KiOR


Conoco has multiple bids for Trainer refinery-sources


Icahn clarifies his offer for CVR Energy shares


MUR Dividend Yield Pushes Past 2%


Two Energy Players to Watch: CHK and TSO


YPF announces positive results from wells at Vaca Muerta


Carl Icahn Wants to Make Sure His Plans Are Clear


EIA cuts East Coast refinery capacity to reflect closures


Marathon Oil Rides The Bakken


COLUMN-Excess optimism threatens oil refining margins-Campbell


Murphy Oil Schedules Earnings Conference Call
[Business Wire] - Murphy Oil Corporation has scheduled its conference call at 12:00 p.m. Central Time on Thursday, May 3rd, to review first quarter 2012 earnings, which will be announced Wednesday afternoon, May 2nd.

YPF and Exxon in talks over Argentinian shale venture, Bloomberg reports


Energy stocks continue their slide


Credit Suisse ups Delek to outperform, cuts HFC


Analysis: Canada's "Cushing moment": A northern pipeline crisis looms


Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK): Zacks Rank Buy


Latin American stocks surging?


5 Energy Stocks With Lower Valuations Than Sandridge Energy


California-Blend Gasoline Gains After State Fuel Stocks Decline


Opportunity at Western Refining


CVR Energy urges shareholders to reject Icahn bid


Icahn says he believes new board would be able to find buyer of CVR Energy


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
4.032
[4.0, 4.02, 4.04, 4.05, 4.05]

Indianapolis
3.946
[3.89, 3.95, 3.95, 3.95, 3.99]

USA Average
3.89

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
103.11

Brent Prices
122.44

