This file created: March-30 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Obama: Oil supply enough to keep squeeze on Iran
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama said Friday he was plowing ahead with potential sanctions against countries that keep buying oil from Iran, including allies of the United States, in a deepening campaign to starve Iran of money for its disputed nuclear program.

Air Force debated disposal of 9/11 remains
WASHINGTON (AP)  Newly released Pentagon documents show that Air Force officers debated briefly about burial at sea before concluding that 1,321 unidentifiable fragments of remains from the 9/11 attack on the Pentagon should be treated as medical waste and incinerated.

Old photos may be deceptive in Fla. shooting case
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP)  When he was shot, Trayvon Martin was not the baby-faced boy in the photo that has been on front pages across the country. And George Zimmerman wasn't the beefy-looking figure in the widely published mugshot.

Romney wealth in focus on campaign trail
APPLETON, Wis. (AP)  Republican presidential front-runner Mitt Romney on Friday defended his personal wealth amid intensifying criticism from his main GOP rival and President Barack Obama's re-election campaign, unlikely allies working to portray the former businessman as out of touch with most Americans.

Blood found at Utah home from man's missing wife
TACOMA, Wash. (AP)  Authorities investigating the 2009 disappearance of a Utah woman found her blood in the family home and a hand-written note in which she expressed fear about her husband and her potential demise, according to documents unsealed Friday.

US reviews research risks amid bird-flu debate
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Obama administration is ordering a government-wide review of scientific research that could raise biosecurity concerns in the wake of fierce controversy over some man-made strains of the deadly bird flu.

Once-warring actors unions finally merge
LOS ANGELES (AP)  The nation's two actors unions have merged, nearly a decade after their last attempt, bringing an end to years of conflict that had given Hollywood studios the advantage in labor negotiations.

Hiring of CEO revives Augusta membership debate
The stars are aligning. Phil Mickelson won at Pebble Beach, and Rory McIlroy reached No. 1 in the world. And, of course, there was Tiger Woods in Sunday red, a winner again at last on the PGA Tour.

Doctor saves babies caught in Romania corruption
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP)  Dr. Catalin Cirstoveanu runs a cardio unit with state-of-the-art equipment at a Bucharest children's hospital. But not a single child has been treated in the year-and-a-half since it opened.

Afghan suspect attorney: US gov 'hiding evidence'
SEATTLE (AP)  The attorney for the U.S. soldier accused of killing 17 Afghan civilians says the government is "hiding evidence" and not giving his defense team the cooperation they were promised.

Blood found at Utah home from man's missing wife
TACOMA, Wash. (AP)  Authorities investigating the 2009 disappearance of a Utah woman found her blood in the family home and a hand-written note in which she expressed fear about her husband and her potential demise, according to documents unsealed Friday.

Americans bet nearly $1.5B to win record jackpot
CHICAGO (AP)  Across the country, Americans plunked down an estimated $1.5 billion on the longest of long shots: an infinitesimally small chance to win what could end up being the single biggest lottery payout the world has ever seen.

Agency: Citrus disease detected in California
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  A citrus disease that has killed millions of citrus trees across Florida and Brazil has been detected in California, despite the industry's best efforts to keep it at bay.

Old photos may be deceptive in Fla. shooting case
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP)  When he was shot, Trayvon Martin was not the baby-faced boy in the photo that has been on front pages across the country. And George Zimmerman wasn't the beefy-looking figure in the widely published mugshot.

High court has options on health care law
WASHINGTON (AP)  The arguments are done and the case has been submitted, as Chief Justice John Roberts says at the end of every Supreme Court argument. Now the justices will wrestle with what to do with President Barack Obama's health care overhaul. They have a range of options, from upholding the law to striking it down in its entirety. The court also could avoid deciding the law's constitutionality at all, although that prospect seems remote after this week's arguments.

Alaska deal aims to develop Point Thomson gas
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP)  Alaska Gov. Sean Parnell said Friday that the state has reached a settlement in the long-running dispute over leases to develop the Point Thomson gas fields, clearing the way for progress on a major pipeline project.

2 feared dead in Bellingham, Wash., marina fire
BELLINGHAM, Wash. (AP)  Investigators believe two people missing after a large fire ripped through a marina were trapped aboard a burning boat that sank during the blaze.

Jury finds ex-Texas nurse guilty in bleach deaths
LUFKIN, Texas (AP)  A former Texas nurse accused of killing five of her patients and injuring five others by injecting bleach into their kidney dialysis tubing was found guilty of capital murder Friday.

Leader of Liberian war faction removed from US
BUFFALO, N.Y. (AP)  A Liberian man accused of leading a faction responsible for human rights abuses during the West African country's civil war in the early 1990s was removed Friday from the United States, immigration officials said.

Afghan suspect attorney: US gov 'hiding evidence'
SEATTLE (AP)  The attorney for the U.S. soldier accused of killing 17 Afghan civilians says the government is "hiding evidence" and not giving his defense team the cooperation they were promised.

Cuba: Freed agent on island to visit brother
HAVANA (AP)  A Cuban intelligence agent on probation after imprisonment in the United States arrived Friday for a two-week visit to see his ailing brother in Cuba, where authorities consider him and four other agents national heroes.

Yemen: Airstrikes kill 4 al-Qaida militants
SANAA, Yemen (AP)  An airstrike killed four al-Qaida militants on Friday in a southern district of Yemen that has been under the group's control for around a year, officials said.

Doctor saves babies caught in Romania corruption
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP)  Dr. Catalin Cirstoveanu runs a cardio unit with state-of-the-art equipment at a Bucharest children's hospital. But not a single child has been treated in the year-and-a-half since it opened.

Young Syrian activists put life on hold in revolt
TRIPOLI, Lebanon (AP)  Last year, Khalid was a 19-year-old Syrian university student whose modest dreams were to land a job and earn enough to marry his girlfriend  not simple tasks given Syria's weak economy and his lack of connections to the ruling elite.

Residents: South Libya tribal fighting continues
TRIPOLI, Libya (AP)  A senior Libyan government official said Friday that warring tribes in the south have brokered a cease-fire after five days of deadly clashes, but residents said the fighting continues and is inching toward another city.

Brazil: Critics slam court's underage sex verdict
BRASILIA, Brazil (AP)  A Brazilian court decision that sex with a 12-year-old does not necessarily constitute statutory rape has caused outrage among human rights activists in the country.

Mexico: 2 kids, woman killed in Saint Death ritual
HERMOSILLO, Mexico (AP)  Eight people have been arrested for allegedly killing two 10-year-old boys and a 55-year-old woman in ritual sacrifices by the cult of La Santa Muerte, or Saint Death, prosecutors in northern Mexico said Friday.

Cuba dissident identifies papal Mass protester
HAVANA (AP)  A leading Cuban dissident has identified the mystery man who yelled anti-government slogans just before a Mass celebrated by Pope Benedict XVI this week before being hustled away by security agents.

1 wounded in man's shooting spree in Finland
HELSINKI (AP)  A 23-year-old gunman wounded the father of his former girlfriend in an office building in Finland on Friday, then went to a nearby school and fired several shots through a classroom door, police said.

Headstone of Hitlers' parents' grave removed
VIENNA (AP)  The tombstone marking the grave of Adolf Hitler's parents, a place of pilgrimage for neo-Nazis, has been removed from an upper Austrian village cemetery at the request of a descendant, and the grave is ready for a new burial, officials said Friday.

Obama could face election-year jam on gay marriage
PORTLAND, Maine (AP)  President Barack Obama could be caught in an election-year bind on gay marriage, wedged between the pressure of supporters who want him to back same-sex marriage and the political perils of igniting an explosive social issue in the midst of the campaign.

April leap or May slog, Romney on pace to GOP nod
MILWAUKEE (AP)  April looks good for Mitt Romney, with its string of Midwestern and Eastern primaries seemingly tailor-made for the Republican presidential front-runner.

Obama accuses Republicans of 'madness' in Maine
PORTLAND, Maine (AP)  President Barack Obama accused Republicans of clinging to economic policies that preceded the Great Depression and the more recent economic downturn, accusing his rivals of showing signs of "madness."

Santorum hits Romney for joke about firing people
HUDSON, Wisconsin (AP)  Rick Santorum says Republicans won't win the presidency by nominating a candidate who jokes about firing people.

Romney wealth in focus on campaign trail
APPLETON, Wis. (AP)  Republican presidential front-runner Mitt Romney on Friday defended his personal wealth amid intensifying criticism from his main GOP rival and President Barack Obama's re-election campaign, unlikely allies working to portray the former businessman as out of touch with most Americans.

Gingrich says Romney 'is clearly the front-runner'
MILWAUKEE (AP)  Newt Gingrich is acknowledging what has become increasingly clear: Mitt Romney is the likely GOP presidential nominee.

A political tip sheet for the rest of us
A political tip sheet for the rest of us outside the Washington Beltway, Friday, March 31:

GOP's Ryan endorses Romney for party's nomination
WASHINGTON (AP)  Rep. Paul Ryan, the powerful chairman of the House Budget Committee, is endorsing Mitt Romney for the Republican presidential nomination.

Biden confident high court will affirm health care
WASHINGTON (AP)  Vice President Joe Biden says he's confident the Supreme Court will uphold the constitutionality of the health care law.

Groupon says 4th-quarter was weaker than reported
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP)  Groupon Inc. said Friday that its fourth-quarter loss was wider than initially reported because it needed to increase the amount of money it sets aside for refunds.

Americans bet nearly $1.5B to win record jackpot
CHICAGO (AP)  Across the country, Americans plunked down an estimated $1.5 billion on the longest of long shots: an infinitesimally small chance to win what could end up being the single biggest lottery payout the world has ever seen.

Alaska deal aims to develop Point Thomson gas
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP)  Alaska Gov. Sean Parnell said Friday that the state has reached a settlement in the long-running dispute over leases to develop the Point Thomson gas fields, clearing the way for progress on a major pipeline project.

Once-warring actors unions finally merge
LOS ANGELES (AP)  The nation's two actors unions have merged, nearly a decade after their last attempt, bringing an end to years of conflict that had given Hollywood studios the advantage in labor negotiations.

Agency: Citrus disease detected in California
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  A citrus disease that has killed millions of citrus trees across Florida and Brazil has been detected in California, despite the industry's best efforts to keep it at bay.

US consumer spending up 0.8 pct., but income lags
WASHINGTON (AP)  U.S. consumers boosted their spending in February by the most in seven months. But Americans' income barely grew, and the saving rate fell to its lowest point in more than two years.

Stocks rise, extending best start since 1998
Rising consumer spending boosted stocks on Friday, and Wall Street closed its best first quarter since 1998.

MasterCard, Visa warn of cardholder data breach
NEW YORK (AP)  MasterCard and Visa said Friday that they had notified issuers of its credit cards of a potential breach of the security of customer accounts. The companies did not say how many customers were affected.

Apple pledge likely to boost China factory wages
BEIJING (AP)  This week's pledge to trim work hours and effectively raise wages for the hardscrabble Chinese employees who assemble Apple's iPads and iPhones isn't likely to drive up the prices that consumers pay.

Ford CEO Mulally made $29.5 million in 2011
DEARBORN, Mich. (AP)  The pay package for Ford CEO Alan Mulally rose 11 percent last year to $29.5 million, or a little more than $5 for every vehicle sold.

Groupon says 4th-quarter was weaker than reported
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP)  Groupon Inc. said Friday that its fourth-quarter loss was wider than initially reported because it needed to increase the amount of money it sets aside for refunds.

Apple pledge likely to boost China factory wages
BEIJING (AP)  This week's pledge to trim work hours and effectively raise wages for the hardscrabble Chinese employees who assemble Apple's iPads and iPhones isn't likely to drive up the prices that consumers pay.

BlackBerry maker to focus on business customers
TORONTO (AP)  Struggling BlackBerry maker Research in Motion Ltd. said Thursday that it plans to return its focus to its corporate customers after failing to compete with flashier, consumer-oriented phones such as Apple's iPhone and models that run Google's Android software.

Lost data may have exposed 800,000 people in Calif
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A disaster preparedness exercise to ensure California's child support system could be run remotely went smoothly, except for one casualty: the names, Social Security numbers and other private records of about 800,000 adults and children.

IPO market heats up, more startups going public
NEW YORK (AP)  The IPO market is heating up. A growing economy and rising stock market are prompting more startups to go public, and investors appear hungry to invest.

School punishes Filipino boys for Facebook kissing
MANILA, Philippines (AP)  A Philippine Catholic school is withholding the diplomas of six high school boys who uploaded Facebook photos that appear to show them kissing one another, an education official said Friday.

Micron, Oracle settle lawsuit over chip prices
BOISE, Idaho (AP)  Micron Technology Inc. has settled a lawsuit in which Oracle Corp. accused the Idaho memory chipmaker and other companies of artificially inflating prices for microchips.

Egypt court orders ban of pornographic websites
CAIRO (AP)  An Egyptian court has ordered the government to ban pornographic Internet websites in order to protect society and its values.

Panel backs sharing studies of lab-made bird flu
NEW YORK (AP)  The U.S. government's biosecurity advisers said Friday they support publishing research studies showing how scientists made new easy-to-spread forms of bird flu because the studies, now revised, don't reveal details bioterrorists could use.

Whole Foods to stop sale of unsustainable seafood
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP)  Whole Foods Market said Friday that it will stop selling fish caught from depleted waters or through ecologically damaging methods, a move that comes as supermarkets nationwide try to make their seafood selections more sustainable.

Entangled gray whale off Calif. freed after chase
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A migrating gray whale with debris wrapped around its tail was finally freed after rescuers in a small boat chased it along the Southern California coast so they could cut away the fishing traps and lines.

Latest buzz on bee decline: Maybe it's pesticides
WASHINGTON (AP)  A common class of pesticide is causing problems for honeybees and bumblebees, important species already in trouble, two studies suggest.

APNewsBreak: $7M spaceport runway extension OK'd
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP)  The nearly two-mile-long runway at Spaceport America in southern New Mexico will have to be extended to accommodate Virgin Galactic's sleek rocket-powered spacecraft, spaceport officials confirmed Thursday.

Bangladesh plans to build its first satellite
DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP)  An American firm will help Bangladesh design and launch the South Asian country's first satellite.

Amazon CEO plans to raise sunken Apollo 11 engines
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Long before Jeff Bezos became an Internet mogul, he was enthralled by the mysteries of space.

Foot find shows prehuman walked same time as Lucy
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Lucy, it turns out, had company  another prehuman that also walked but spent more of its time in trees.

Mumbai, Miami on list for big weather disasters
WASHINGTON (AP)  Global warming is leading to such severe storms, droughts and heat waves that nations should prepare for an unprecedented onslaught of deadly and costly weather disasters, an international panel of climate scientists said in a new report issued Wednesday.

Vatican cancels stem cell forum
VATICAN CITY (AP)  The Vatican has canceled a stem cell research conference whose speaker lineup included scientists whose work involves human embryonic stem cells, a practice opposed by church teaching.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
[$$] EPA Backpedals on Fracking Contamination


Sunpeaks Ventures Announces Clotamin to Be Sold at Winn-Dixie Locations in South Florida


NYSE stocks posting largest percentage increases
[AP] - A look at the 10 biggest percentage gainers on New York Stock Exchange at the close of trading:India Fund wd rose 18.2 percent to $21.10.Malaysia Fd rose 8.5 percent to $10.35.Franklin Covey Co. rose 8.1 ...

Harvest Natural Resources Announces At-The-Market Equity Financing Program
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Harvest Natural Resources, Inc. (NYSE: HNR - News) today entered into an equity distribution agreement ("Agreement") with Knight Capital America, L.P. ("KCA"), ...

EPA Agrees to Dismiss Well Contamination Case Against Range


UPDATE 2-US natgas rig count climbs for 1st time in 12 weeks


UPDATE 1-US natgas rig count climbs for first time in 12 weeks


EPA dismisses order against Range Resources over water polution, Bloomberg says


CFO Moves: Quicksilver Resources, Suzlon Energy, Vipera


SM Energy Announces Determination of Contingent Interest Amounts for 3.50% Senior Convertible Notes Due 2027
[Business Wire] - SM Energy Company today announces its determination that contingent interest will be payable on its outstanding 3.50% Senior Convertible Notes due 2027 duri

Colt Says Never Discussed Cuba Joint Venture With Sonangol


Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross - SU


Swift Energy - Eagle Ford Shale Review
[at Investopedia] - Swift Energy is spending the majority of the companys 2012 capital budget on the Eagle Ford Shale as management seeks to grow crude oil and liquids production over the next three years.

C&J Energy Services, a Well-Positioned Fracking Stock


Cabot, Williams lead gains in energy stocks


Enbridge's Version Of The Keystone Pipeline Should Bring Profits


Sonangol Seeks Venture With Cobalt for Cuban Oil, Jornal Says


The Best ETF For A Romney Presidency? How About FRAK
[at Seeking Alpha] - The Best ETF For A Romney Presidency? How About FRAK

Burleson LLP Represents Wheatland Oil, Inc. in $340 Million Sale of Bakken Assets to Continental Resources, Inc.
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- The energy law firm of Burleson LLP announced today that it represented Wheatland Oil, Inc. in a $340 million transaction to sell assets in the Bakken shale play ...

WSJ Calls The Bottom In Natural Gas


Galaxy Resources to Buy Canada's Lithium One


Subsea 7 gets $175 mln ATP Oil and Gas deal


Oil groups agree on $40bn Alaska gas project
[at Financial Times] - Exxon (NYSE:XOM - News)Mobil, BP and ConocoPhillips have reached agreement with the state of Alaska to take a significant step forward on a $40bn-plus project to export liquefied natural gas to Asia, resolving ...

[$$] Alaska Settlement Clears Way for New Gas Pipeline


Final Glance: Oil companies


RPT-Prosecutor seeks Chevron, Transocean Brazil ban


Prosecutor seeks Chevron, Transocean Brazil ban


Energy Business Review: PetroChina Expands as ConocoPhillips Comes Up Short


Alaska deal aims to develop Point Thomson gas


Alaska, Exxon deal opens way for LNG exports
[Reuters] - Oil companies Exxon Mobil Corp , BP Plc and Conoco Phillips have reached a settlement with the state of Alaska that will allow the companies to build a pipeline from a North Slope natural gas field, the ...

TransCanada to concentrate on all-Alaska LNG pipeline


TransCanada to concentrate on all-Alaska LNG pipeline


UPDATE 2-Alaska, Exxon deal opens way for LNG exports


Time to Scoop Up RIM?


Refining Losses Hurt PetroChina


Occidental Petroleum 1st Quarter 2012 Results to be Announced April 26
[Business Wire] - Occidental Petroleum Corporation will hold a conference call on Thursday, April 26, 2012, following the release of its first quarter 2012 financial results. The conference call, which will begin at 11:30 a.m.

There Obama Goes Again: He Hates Fossil Fuel, and He Hates Success


Total S.A. Shares Cross Above 200 DMA


Commodities Super Cycle Or Bursting Bubble?


Fossil Fuels Will Dominate for the Next 20 Years


UPDATE 1-Alaska, Exxon Mobil settle pipeline dispute


ExxonMobil, ConocoPhillips, BP and Alaska Pipeline Project Working Together to Commercialize North Slope Natural Gas
[Business Wire] - ExxonMobil, ConocoPhillips, BP and TransCanada, through its participation in the Alaska Pipeline Project, announced today that they are working together on the next generation of r

PetroChina outpaces Exxon


The Next Natural Gas Stock to Own


Vanguard Natural Resources Announces Upsized Pricing of Its Public Offering of $350 Million of Senior Unsecured Notes
[Business Wire] - Vanguard Natural Resources, LLC and its subsidiary VNR Finance Corp. today announced the pricing of a public offering of $350 million aggregate principal amount of 7.875% senior unsecured notes due 2020 at a public offering price of 99.274%.

Dejour Energy Reports Q4 2011 Revenue of $2.5 Million
[Business Wire] - Dejour Energy Inc. , an independent oil and natural gas exploration and production company operating in North America's Piceance Basin and Peace River Ar

Is Transocean a Cash King?


Transocean's Latest Numbers Could Be Misleading


WTI Crosses Above Key Moving Average Level


GeoMet Announces Financial and Operating Results for the Quarter and Year Ended December 31, 2011
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - GeoMet, Inc. today announced its financial and operating results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2011.J. Darby Ser, GeoMet's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, had the following ...

Vantage Drilling Announces Proposed Offering by Its Subsidiary Offshore Group Investment Limited of Additional 11 1/2% Senior Secured First Lien Notes Due 2015
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Vantage Drilling Company announced today that its wholly-owned subsidiary Offshore Group Investment Limited intends to offer, subject to market and other conditions, $775.0 million in aggregate ...

Most Swiss Stocks Advance as Givaudan, Transocean Climb


Find These Stocks Before Wall Street Does


Samson Oil & Gas Operational Advisory
[Business Wire] - Samson Oil & Gas Limited provides advice on its current projects.

BRICS Bourses Start Futures Venture Aimed at Wealthy Individuals


Diamond Offshore to Release First Quarter 2012 Results on April 19
[Business Wire] - Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. announced today that it will issue a press release and host a conference call and webcast related to its first quarter 2012 operating results on Thursday, April 19, 2012.

SandRidge Energy, Inc. Announces Extension of Credit Facility Maturity and Increase in Borrowing Base
[PR Newswire] - OKLAHOMA CITY, March 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- SandRidge Energy, Inc. ("SandRidge") (NYSE: SD - News) today announced that it has increased the borrowing base and extended the maturity of its senior ...

ZaZa Energy Expands to 140,000 Acres in the Texas Eaglebine and Commences Six Well Drilling Program
[Business Wire] - ZaZa Energy Corporation announced today that it has expanded its position in the Eaglebine trend in eastern Texas to a nearly contiguous total holding of approximately 144,123 gross acres through a transaction with Range Texas Production, LLC , a subsidiary of Range Resources Corporation .

CRT Stock Crowded With Sellers


Did Unit Squander Its Latest Sales Increase?


Ashok, Cheung Kong, Hankyu, Nippon, Suzlon: Asia Stock Preview


EnerJex Announces Drilling Success and Increased Oil Production From Its Rantoul Project


Hercules Offshore upgraded to Buy from Underperform at CLSA


Transocean upgraded to Outperform from Underperform at CLSA


Equity Research on Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc. and SandRidge Energy Inc. - Oil & Gas Drilling & Exploration Buoyed by Oil Prices
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - www.shinesrooms.com has a handpicked team of market professionals with over 100 years of combined investing experience. Today they are providing members comprehensive research on the Oil ...

New Concept Energy, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Results
[Business Wire] - New Concept Energy, Inc. , a Dallas-based oil and gas company, today reported a net loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2011 of $11.8 million or $ per share, compared to net loss of $11,000 or $ per share for the twelve months ended December 31, 2010.

Weatherford Prices Senior Notes Offering
[PR Newswire] - GENEVA, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Weatherford International Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company ("Weatherford Bermuda") and a subsidiary of Weatherford International Ltd., a Swiss joint-stock ...

Willbros Announces Conference Call Schedule for Fourth Quarter and 2011 Update
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Willbros Group, Inc. announces plans to hold a conference call to discuss its fourth quarter and full year 2011 operating performance. The Company intends to provide an update on unaudited ...

Brower Piven Encourages Investors Who Have Losses in Excess of $200,000 From Investment in Weatherford International, Ltd. to Inquire About the Lead Plaintiff Position in Securities Fraud Class Action Lawsuit Before the May 22, 2012 Lead Pl
[Marketwire] - STEVENSON, MD-- - Brower Piven, A Professional Corporation announces that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of ...

Weekly US oil, gas rig count up by 11 to 1,979


April 9, 2012 Deadline: Law Firm of Levi & Korsinsky Notifies Investors with Losses on Their Investment in Carbo Ceramics, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and the Deadline to Seek Lead Plaintiff Position
[PR Newswire] - NEW YORK, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Levi & Korsinsky announces that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of ...

BP: U.S. hiding evidence on size of Gulf oil spill
[Reuters] - BP Plc has accused the U.S. government of withholding evidence that may show the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico was smaller than federal officials claimed, a key issue in determining ...

UPDATE 1-BP: U.S. hiding evidence on size of Gulf oil spill


FMC, Petrobras Cut High-Value Deal


BP Says U.S. Withholding Evidence of Extent of Oil Spill


weatherford/BRIEF (URGENT)


BP: U.S. hiding evidence on size of Gulf oil spill


TEXT-S&P raises Forbes Energy Services Ltd rating


Precision Drilling Corporation Announces Filing of Annual Disclosure Documents
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Precision Drilling Corporation announced that it has filed its annual disclosure documents with the Canadian Securities Commissions and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ...

Weatherford International begins notes offering


Weatherford Announces Offering of Senior Notes
[PR Newswire] - GENEVA, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Weatherford International Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company ("Weatherford Bermuda") and a subsidiary of Weatherford International Ltd., a Swiss joint-stock ...

Taking Advantage Of Window Dressing (Part 1)


Gasfrac Energy LPG Fracturing Chosen In New York


Is C&J Energy ready to power higher?


RPC, MOCON Have Limited Downside
[at Seeking Alpha] - RPC, MOCON Have Limited Downside

Enbridge Energy Partners May Gain From Keystone's Pain


Williams Cos. priced


New Canada reviews will apply to existing projects


Leading the Hedge-Fund World, Dalio Rakes in $3.9 Billion in 2011


Gateway Energy Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Gateway Energy Corporation (OTCBB: GNRG.OB - News) today announced the financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2011.Selected Financial Data:The ...

4-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: TC Pipelines


Enbridge's Version Of The Keystone Pipeline Should Bring Profits


Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. and PAA Natural Gas Storage, L.P. Announce Timing of First-Quarter 2012 Earnings
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (NYSE: PAA - News) and PAA Natural Gas Storage (NYSE: PNG - News) today announced they will each release first-quarter 2012 earnings after market ...

Williams prices stock offering at $30.59


Williams Prices Public Offering of Common Stock
[Business Wire] - Williams today announced that it priced a public offering of 26,000,000 shares of its common stock at $30.59 per share. The offering is expected to close on April 4, 20

WSJ Calls The Bottom In Natural Gas


9 Energy Dividend Stocks Set To Go Higher


Williams Partners Provides Information on Status of Lathrop Compressor Station
[Business Wire] - Williams Partners L.P. today provided an update on the status of the Lathrop compressor station near Springville in Susquehanna County, Pa., following a flash fire this morning.

Cabot Oil & Gas provides update on flash fire


Williams Announces Public Offering of Common Stock
[Business Wire] - Williams announced today that it intends to commence an underwritten public offering of 26,000,000 shares of its common stock. The shares will be offered by Williams pu

To Canada and back again:a new US oil pipeline race


Goldman kicks off Indian charm offensive


Kinder Morgan Expands Storage Space


5 Energy MLPs Poised to Pop


EPD, Enbridge Boost Seaway Capacity


KMR Stock Crowded With Sellers


Media Advisory - President & CEO of Spectra Energy to Address Economic Club of Canada on April 2


[$$] Equatorial Guinea Warns on Lawsuit


Sunoco reports hydrotreater malfunction at Philadelphia plant, Bloomberg says


InterOil to Hold Technical Update Call on the Successful Drilling of Over 1,489 Feet of Reservoir at Triceratops-2


Tesoro says L.A. refinery completes maintenance


InterOil to Hold Technical Update Call on the Successful Drilling of Over 1,489 Feet of Reservoir at Triceratops-2
[PR Newswire] - PORT MORESBY, Papua New Guinea and HOUSTON, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- InterOil Corporation (NYSE:IOC - News) (POMSoX:IOC - News) ("InterOil" or the "Company") announced that it will hold a technical ...

Why InterOil Shares Plunged


Valero Energy Looks Pricey


Delek Group Announces Consolidated Results for 2011
[PR Newswire] - TEL AVIV, Israel, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ --Delek Group Ltd. (TASE: DLEKG , OTCQX: DGRLY) (hereinafter: "Delek Group" or "The Group") announced today its results for the fourth ...

[$$] A Refiner to Weather Summer Volatility


Ex-Div Reminder for Delek US Holdings Inc (DK)


InterOil Corporation and Valero Energy Corporation Face Tough Times in Refining Business
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - Refineries dip despite high gasoline prices. The national average price of a gallon of regular unleaded gas climbed to $3.898 on Tuesday. But the high prices still aren't enough to save ...

HollyFrontier Corp. and Marathon Petroleum Corp. Refineries Struggle
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - Refineries dip despite high gasoline prices. The national average price of a gallon of regular unleaded gas climbed to $3.898 on Tuesday. But the high prices still aren't enough to save ...

Is this Oil Stock a Bargain Right Now?


InterOil Provides Triceratops-2 Drilling Update and Extends LNG Project Agreements


InterOil Provides Triceratops-2 Drilling Update and Extends LNG Project Agreements
[PR Newswire] - PORT MORESBY, Papua New Guinea and HOUSTON, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- InterOil Corporation (NYSE:IOC - News) (POMSoX:IOC - News) ("InterOil" or the "Company") announced that the Triceratops-2 ...

Shanghai Petrochemical Announces 2011 Annual Results
[PR Newswire] - HONG KONG, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire-Asia/ -- Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical Company Limited ("Shanghai Petrochemical" or the "Company") (HKEx: 00338; SSE: 600688; NYSE: SHI) today ...

California-Blend Gasoline Falls After State Crude Stocks Rise


Uncertainties Weighing on KiOR


Conoco has multiple bids for Trainer refinery-sources


Icahn clarifies his offer for CVR Energy shares


MUR Dividend Yield Pushes Past 2%


Two Energy Players to Watch: CHK and TSO


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.972
[3.89, 3.99, 3.99, 3.99, 4.0]

Indianapolis
3.962
[3.95, 3.95, 3.95, 3.97, 3.99]

USA Average
3.9

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
102.93

Brent Prices
123.03

