This file created: March-24 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Santorum looks for rebound in Louisiana
WASHINGTON (AP)  Rick Santorum looked for a win in Louisiana's primary Saturday to boost his Republican presidential campaign while front-runner Mitt Romney braced for an expected loss.

Aide says Cheney had heart transplant
WASHINGTON (AP)  Former Vice President Dick Cheney had a heart transplant Saturday and is recovering at a Virginia hospital, his office said.

Obama confronts nuke threat on N. Korea front line
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  President Barack Obama is opening his pitch for faster work to lock down nuclear material that could be used by terrorists with an up-close look at the nuclear front lines along the heavily militarized border with volatile North Korea.

APNewsBreak: US says soldier split killing spree
WASHINGTON (AP)  U.S. investigators believe the U.S. soldier accused of killing 17 Afghan civilians split the slaughter into two episodes, returning to his base after the first attack and later slipping away to kill again, two American officials said Saturday.

Afghan father tries to cope with shooting rampage
HARMARA, Afghanistan (AP)  Mohammad Wazir can barely take a sip of water because it reminds him of his 7-year-old daughter, who brought him a glass three days before she was killed with 10 other loved ones in a shooting spree allegedly carried out by a U.S. soldier in southern Afghanistan.

Report: Sandusky called 'likely pedophile' in '98
STATE COLLEGE, Pa. (AP)  A psychologist who looked into a 1998 allegation against former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky told police at the time that his behavior fit the profile of a likely pedophile, NBC News reported Saturday.

8 killed, including 6 kids, in W.Va. house fire
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP)  Alisha Carter-Camp had a new job, a wedding to plan and a 26th birthday to celebrate with a family cookout and toasts to the birthday girl in a yard full of children. By the end of the night, she was among eight dead, including six children, in one of the city's deadliest house fires in decades.

Pope focuses on Mexico's children during visit
SILAO, Mexico (AP)  Pope Benedict XVI worked to build the future of Mexico's church by reaching out to children Saturday as tens of thousands of teenagers streamed into a vast, shade-starved park to camp out overnight ahead of a gigantic papal Mass.

Louisville in Final 4 with 72-68 win over Florida
PHOENIX (AP)  Hated to do that to ya, kid.

Forget hoops, NFL has March Madness
March Madness is all about the NFL this year.

Aide says Cheney had heart transplant
WASHINGTON (AP)  Former Vice President Dick Cheney had a heart transplant Saturday and is recovering at a Virginia hospital, his office said.

Santorum looks for rebound in Louisiana
WASHINGTON (AP)  Rick Santorum looked for a win in Louisiana's primary Saturday to boost his Republican presidential campaign while front-runner Mitt Romney braced for an expected loss.

APNewsBreak: US says soldier split killing spree
WASHINGTON (AP)  U.S. investigators believe the U.S. soldier accused of killing 17 Afghan civilians split the slaughter into two episodes, returning to his base after the first attack and later slipping away to kill again, two American officials said Saturday.

8 killed, including 6 kids, in W.Va. house fire
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP)  Alisha Carter-Camp had a new job, a wedding to plan and a 26th birthday to celebrate with a family cookout and toasts to the birthday girl in a yard full of children. By the end of the night, she was among eight dead, including six children, in one of the city's deadliest house fires in decades.

Attorneys in Trayvon Martin case make arguments
MIAMI (AP)  Attorneys for the family of Trayvon Martin and the Florida neighborhood watch captain who fatally shot the unarmed teen offered different perspectives Saturday on the federal investigation of the death.

How many pot patients Calif. has is anyone's guess
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  California has seven times as many residents as Colorado, but nearly nine times fewer medical marijuana users, at least on paper.

Report: Sandusky called 'likely pedophile' in '98
STATE COLLEGE, Pa. (AP)  A psychologist who looked into a 1998 allegation against former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky told police at the time that his behavior fit the profile of a likely pedophile, NBC News reported Saturday.

Search resumes for Maine toddler missing 3 months
WATERVILLE, Maine (AP)  With the ground clear of winter's snow, about 100 searchers aided by tracking dogs failed to turn up any new clues Saturday as they renewed their search for a Maine toddler who's been missing for more than three months.

Obama calls for end of transportation showdown
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama wants Congress to end a showdown that threatens to cut off federal highway and transit aid to states just as the spring construction season starts.

'Hunger Games' serves up huge opening day at $68M
LOS ANGELES (AP)  The feast is on: "The Hunger Games" has taken in $68.25 million domestically in its first day, a record for a non-sequel.

Mexican parties don't meet women candidate quotas
MEXICO CITY (AP)  Two of Mexico's three largest political parties have said they have not been able to comply with a legal requirement to reserve 40 percent of their congressional candidacies for women, electoral authorities said Saturday.

Egyptian parliament selects constitution panel
CAIRO (AP)  Egypt's Islamists looked poised Saturday to dominate a key lever of power that will help determine the country's political future as parliament selected a panel to draw up the country's new constitution. Liberal lawmakers denounced the process as a "farce" and walked out in protest.

Obama confronts nuke threat on N. Korea front line
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  President Barack Obama is opening his pitch for faster work to lock down nuclear material that could be used by terrorists with an up-close look at the nuclear front lines along the heavily militarized border with volatile North Korea.

Amid war fears, some Israelis reach out to Iran
JERUSALEM (AP)  Ruthie Pliskin didn't want Israel's threats of a possible military strike to be the only message her country had for Iran. So the doctoral student from Tel Aviv posted a photo of herself and her cat on Facebook, with a sign in Farsi reading: "We love you, people of Iran."

Pope focuses on Mexico's children during visit
SILAO, Mexico (AP)  Pope Benedict XVI worked to build the future of Mexico's church by reaching out to children Saturday as tens of thousands of teenagers streamed into a vast, shade-starved park to camp out overnight ahead of a gigantic papal Mass.

Syrian forces shell towns, clash with rebels
BEIRUT (AP)  Syrian troops shelled rebellious areas in central and northern Syria on Saturday in the latest push to quash the uprising against President Bashar Assad, but faced fierce resistance from army defectors, activists said.

Afghan father tries to cope with shooting rampage
HARMARA, Afghanistan (AP)  Mohammad Wazir can barely take a sip of water because it reminds him of his 7-year-old daughter, who brought him a glass three days before she was killed with 10 other loved ones in a shooting spree allegedly carried out by a U.S. soldier in southern Afghanistan.

Egypt soccer fans, troops clash; 1 killed
CAIRO (AP)  Egyptian soldiers clashed with thousands of angry soccer fans in a Mediterranean coastal city over the suspension of their club following a deadly riot last month, witnesses said Saturday. A medical official said a teenager was killed and 68 people injured.

AP Interview: Mali coup head dismisses countercoup
BAMAKO, Mali (AP)  Mali's U.S.-trained coup leader said Saturday he is in control of the country, has no fears of a countercoup and wants peace talks with the rebels whose northern rebellion was the trigger that led him to oust a democratically elected president.

Wedding crasher: UK queen drops in on ceremony
LONDON (AP)  Britain's Queen Elizabeth II has become a wedding crasher.

Santorum looks for rebound in Louisiana
WASHINGTON (AP)  Rick Santorum looked for a win in Louisiana's primary Saturday to boost his Republican presidential campaign while front-runner Mitt Romney braced for an expected loss.

APNewsBreak: US says soldier split killing spree
WASHINGTON (AP)  U.S. investigators believe the U.S. soldier accused of killing 17 Afghan civilians split the slaughter into two episodes, returning to his base after the first attack and later slipping away to kill again, two American officials said Saturday.

Few LA voters say Etch A Sketch flap important
WASHINGTON (AP)  Few voters in Louisiana's Republican presidential primary said they were influenced by a comment by a Mitt Romney aide likening his campaign's tactics to an Etch A Sketch toy, even though it was one of the week's big political stories.

Republicans offer few details on Afghanistan plans
WASHINGTON (AP)  As Afghanistan seizes more of the political spotlight, the Republican presidential candidates are quick to criticize President Barack Obama's handling of the war but struggle to explain how they would change the strategy they would inherit.

Obama calls for end of transportation showdown
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama wants Congress to end a showdown that threatens to cut off federal highway and transit aid to states just as the spring construction season starts.

How health care case will unfold before the court
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Supreme Court will begin hearing arguments on Monday over President Barack Obama's health care overhaul, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, derisively labeled "Obamacare" by its opponents. A look at how the case will unfold before the court in question-and-answer form:

Santorum: 'I didn't understand' voter frustration
CAMP HILL, Pa. (AP)  Republican presidential hopeful Rick Santorum says he didn't always understand conservatives' frustration with Washington but says he comprehends it now.

Lawmakers, US agency favor Hatch Act changes
WASHINGTON (AP)  Jon Greiner's election to the Utah Senate caused his firing as Ogden police chief. Philadelphia transit cop Matthew Arlen was barred from a local school board race in Pennsylvania. And New York state port official Terrence Hurley was knocked out of a county race.

Romney: Obama's health law an 'unfolding disaster'
METAIRIE, La. (AP)  Mitt Romney on Friday looked to pre-empt Supreme Court arguments that will shine a spotlight on a key vulnerability for him in the Republican primary  health care reform.

Obama: 'If I had a son, he'd look like Trayvon'
WASHINGTON (AP)  Urging Americans to "do some soul searching," President Barack Obama injected himself into the emotional debate over the fatal shooting of a teenager in Florida, turning the racially charged case into a personal matter for the nation's first black president.

MF Global exec says Corzine ordered $200M transfer
WASHINGTON (AP)  A former MF Global executive is contradicting testimony from Jon Corzine, saying the former senator ordered the transfer of $200 million last fall out of a customer account days before the firm collapsed, according to an email obtained by congressional investigators.

Feds say Wells Fargo won't turn over documents
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Federal securities regulators are asking a federal court to order Wells Fargo & Co. to turn over documents in an investigation of the bank's sale of $60 billion in mortgage-backed securities.

GM recalling vans, SUVs to fix steering problem
DETROIT (AP)  General Motors is recalling more than 6,000 big vans and SUVs because their steering can fail.

Obama calls for end of transportation showdown
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama wants Congress to end a showdown that threatens to cut off federal highway and transit aid to states just as the spring construction season starts.

'Hunger Games' serves up huge opening day at $68M
LOS ANGELES (AP)  The feast is on: "The Hunger Games" has taken in $68.25 million domestically in its first day, a record for a non-sequel.

BATS cancels its IPO following technical glitches
NEW YORK (AP)  It was hardly the stock market debut BATS Global Markets was hoping for.

Facebook warns employers not to demand passwords
NEW YORK (AP)  Facebook is warning employers not to demand the passwords of job applicants, saying that it's an invasion of privacy that opens companies to legal liabilities.

Stocks edge up but global economic worries linger
NEW YORK (AP)  Stocks eked out a small gain at the end of a rough week in which the market was weighed down by prospects of a global economic slowdown.

Medco settles Calif. pension fund kickback case
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP)  A New Jersey company that manages prescription benefits has agreed to pay $2.7 million to settle an investigation into influence-peddling at California's largest public pension fund, officials announced Friday.

Facebook takes steps to address privacy concerns
NEW YORK (AP)  Facebook has taken steps in recent days to address more worries about privacy, warning employers not to ask prospective employees for their passwords and trying to clarify its user "rights and responsibilities" policies.

Facebook warns employers not to demand passwords
NEW YORK (AP)  Facebook is warning employers not to demand the passwords of job applicants, saying that it's an invasion of privacy that opens companies to legal liabilities.

Facebook takes steps to address privacy concerns
NEW YORK (AP)  Facebook has taken steps in recent days to address more worries about privacy, warning employers not to ask prospective employees for their passwords and trying to clarify its user "rights and responsibilities" policies.

Girl's voice mails gone after T-Mobile promotion
SEATTLE (AP)  When Faron Butler wanted to hear his daughter's voice, he went to the voice mails she left him before she died of cancer at the age of 14.

Zynga founder, other insiders to sell 43M shares
NEW YORK (AP)  Zynga's CEO and other insiders at the online games company plan to sell 43 million shares of stock in a public offering that will boost the amount of stock available for general trading by 35 percent.

Sarkozy: Jail those who browse terror websites
PARIS (AP)  France's president proposed a sweeping new law Thursday that would see repeat visitors to extremist web sites put behind bars  one of several tough measures floated in the wake of a murderous shooting spree.

Microsoft, TiVo drop suits against each other
Digital video recorder pioneer TiVo Inc. said Thursday that it had reached an agreement with software maker Microsoft Corp. for the companies to drop lawsuits against each other following TiVo's settlement with AT&T Inc.

Calif. settlement will fund car charging network
LOS ANGELES (AP)  An energy company accused of artificially inflating the cost of electricity, leading to California's power crisis a decade ago, agreed to pay a $120 million settlement that will fund 10,000 electric car charging stations across the state, Gov. Jerry Brown announced Friday.

Facebook buys patents from IBM to defend itself
MENLO PARK, Calif. (AP)  Facebook has acquired patents from IBM as it girds itself for litigation, including a lawsuit by Yahoo.

T-Mobile cutting a net 1,900 call-center jobs
BELLEVUE, Wash. (AP)  Cellphone carrier T-Mobile USA Inc. said Thursday that it is cutting 1,900 jobs nationwide as it consolidates its call centers in an effort to reduce costs and remain competitive.

Senator: Employers shouldn't seek site passwords
SEATTLE (AP)  A Democratic senator from Connecticut is writing a bill that would stop the practice of employers asking job applicants for their Facebook or other social media passwords, he told The Associated Press on Thursday.

Space junk misses station astronauts
WASHINGTON (AP)  A discarded chunk of a Russian rocket missed the International Space Station early Saturday. However, it came close enough to force six astronauts to seek shelter in escape capsules.

Cameron's sub makes successful unmanned test dive
HONOLULU (AP)  A submarine that will take "Titanic" director James Cameron to the Earth's deepest point has made a successful unmanned test dive.

NASA releases new moon pics requested by students
PASADENA, Calif. (AP)  A NASA spacecraft in orbit around the moon has sent back five dozen new images of the lunar surface including a view of the far side with Earth in the distance.

Audit: Gas lines tied to fracking lack oversight
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Government auditors say federal officials know nothing about thousands of miles of pipelines that carry natural gas released through the drilling method known as fracking, and need to step up oversight to make sure they are running safely.

SPIN METER: GOP claims about Obama puzzle enviros
NEW YORK (AP)  Mitt Romney says President Barack Obama blocked construction of the Keystone XL oil pipeline as a gift to environmentalists. Newt Gingrich calls Obama "President Algae" for supporting research on biofuels. And Rick Santorum says Obama's environmental views constitute a "phony theology" that prioritizes the earth over people.

Cloudy skies delay Va. suborbital rocket launches
ATLANTIC, Va. (AP)  The launch of five suborbital rockets from Virginia's coast is being rescheduled again.

NASA's Dawn craft captures new images of asteroid
PASADENA, Calif. (AP)  Scientists analyzing the surface of a giant asteroid are puzzling over bright spots that represent some of the purest materials seen so far by a NASA spacecraft.

Holding a gun may make you think others are too
NEW YORK (AP)  No one knows what led a Florida neighborhood watch captain to shoot Trayvon Martin, a teenager carrying no weapon.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
GAIL eyes project stakes, long-term deals


Sunpeaks Ventures Announces National Advertising Campaign to Feature Clotamin


Law Offices of Howard G. Smith Announces Investigation of CNOOC Limited
[Business Wire] - Law Offices of Howard G. Smith announces that it is investigating potential claims against CNOOC Limited concerning possible violations of federal securities laws.

Cobalt International Energy, Inc. to Present at Upcoming Howard Weil Energy Conference
[Business Wire] - Cobalt International Energy, Inc. announced today that Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Joseph H. Bryant, will present at the 2012 Howard Weil Energy Conference in New Orleans, Louisiana on Tuesday, March 27, 2012 at 8:00 a.m.

Isramco, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Isramco, Inc. (Nasdaq: ISRL - News) reported today revenues for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2011 of $11,574,000 compared to revenues of $12,580,000 for the fourth ...

MarkWest Inks Anadarko Deal


Get In On This Small Oil And Gas Stock Before It Peaks


Pengrowth to buy NAL Energy for C$1.3 billion, boosts light oil assets


PSU consortium stays away from Cove bidding war


New Issue-Cimarex Energy sells $750 mln notes


SandRidge Energy Is a Tough Sell


Can Oil Driller Continental Resources Help Investors Tap Into Profits?


UPDATE 1-US natgas drilling rig count hits new 10-yr low


Energen CEO to Present at Howard Weil Energy Conference
[Business Wire] - Energen Corporation senior managers will meet with members of the investment community at the 40th Annual Howard Weil Energy Conference in New Orleans on March 27-28, 2012.

Moody's boosts Anadarko ratings


EPL to Present at the 40th Annual Howard Weil Energy Conference
[GlobeNewswire] - NEW ORLEANS -- Energy Partners, Ltd. (EPL or the Company) will present at the 40th Annual Howard Weil Energy Conference on Thursday, March 29, 2012 at 10:35 a.m. central time in New Orleans. Gary C. Hanna, ...

Provident Announces Webcast Information for Upcoming Special Meeting of Shareholders


Provident Announces Webcast Information for Upcoming Special Meeting of Shareholders
[PR Newswire] - All values are in Canadian dollars.CALGARY, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ - Provident will hold a Special Meeting of Shareholders on Tuesday, March 27, 2012 at 9:00 a.m. MDT (11:00 a.m. EDT) in the Metropolitan ...

Stocks for a China-Driven Market


Friday Sector Leaders: Precious Metals, Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Stocks


Moodys Returns Anadarko to Investment Grade After Gulf Spill


Venezuela to pay $420 million to Williams and Exterran


Venezuela to pay $420 million to Williams and Exterran


REFILE-UPDATE 2-Venezuela to pay $420 mln to Williams and Exterran


Can Overseas Sales Drive Exxon's Growth?


Brazil may shift jurisdiction of Chevron case


Exxon Valdez likely headed for scrap heap in India


A Lot To Like About Statoil's Growth Prospects


Final Glance: Oil companies


Exxon Valdez sold, likely destined for scrap heap


Brazil Prosecutors Have 10 Days to Justify Chevron Jurisdiction


Pickens: Look at history of fracking for guidance


Feds to provide aid for idled Pa. refinery workers


Why Market Timing Beats 'Buy And Hold' In Long Run


Ecopetrol Puts Colombia On Global Oil Production Map


Why BP Is A Buy For 2012


Dolphins from oiled bay show health problems


[$$] Shell Faces Two Nigerian Spill Lawsuits


Petrobras Continues Santos Oil Find


UPDATE 1-US natgas drilling rig count hits new 10-yr low


Does Transocean Pass Buffett's Test?


GAIL eyes project stakes, long-term deals


Weatherford names new CFO


Venoco, Inc. Announces Record Date for Special Meeting of Stockholders
[Marketwire] - DENVER, CO-- - Venoco, Inc. announced today that its board of directors has established April 11, 2012 as the record date for its special meeting of stockholders to consider and vote upon the previously ...

SD Makes Bullish Cross Above Critical Moving Average


Concho Resources Inc. Schedules First Quarter 2012 Conference Call for May 3, 2012
[Business Wire] - Concho Resources Inc. will host a conference call on Thursday, May 3, 2012, at 9:00 a.m. CT to discuss its first quarter financial and operating results.

China's Vipshop makes weak NYSE debut
[Reuters] - Shares of Chinese online retailer Vipshop Holdings fell as much as 12 percent in their New York market debut as even a sharp cut in the offer price failed to overcome concerns about mounting losses and ...

Sonde Resources Corp. Correction to Year End 2011 Financial and Operating Results
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Sonde Resources Corp. announced yesterday the release of its financial and operating results for the year ended December 31, 2011. There is a correction to the the following statement:Natural ...

[$$] Pengrowth to Buy NAL Energy in Friendly Stock Deal


SandRidge Energy Is a Tough Sell


Diamond to Offload Ocean Columbia


Chevron charges risk Brazil operations


SeaDrill Dividend and Potential Distracts Debt


BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P. to Present at the Barclays 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference on March 26
[Business Wire] - BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P. announced today that its management will present at the Barclays 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference in Phoenix, Arizona at 8:50 a.m.

5-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: Bill Barrett


Unit Corporation to Present at the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference
[Business Wire] - Unit Corporation announced today that it will present at the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference, which will be held March 25th  29th in New Orleans. Units presentation will be on Wednesday, March 28th at 2:05 p.m.

Rumor: SandRidge Energy active on unconfirmed takeover speculation


PGH Added as Top 10 Energy Dividend Stock With 8.48% Yield


[video] A Natural Gas Stock That Will Work


Dune Energy Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Dune Energy, Inc. (OCTBB: DUNR.OB - News) today announced results for the fourth quarter and calendar year 2011.Revenue and ProductionRevenue for the fourth quarter totaled ...

Hyperdynamics to Present at Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hyperdynamics Corporation (NYSE: HDY - News) today announced that the Company will be attending the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference to be held in New Orleans ...

If The Hunger Games Were Real This $7 Million Ranch Is Where You'd Train


Exterran Holdings to Present at Howard Weil Energy Conference
[Business Wire] - Exterran Holdings, Inc. today announced that Brad Childers, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bill Austin, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, are scheduled to present at the Howard Weil Energy Conference in New Orleans on Wednesday, March 28, 2012 at 9:15 a.m.

Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Files Class Action Lawsuit Against Weatherford International, Ltd. (WFT)
[PR Newswire] - NEW YORK, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP has filed a class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, Case ...

UPDATE 1-Venezuela to pay $420 mln to Williams and Exterran


Venezuela to pay $420 mln to Williams and Exterran


Weatherford names new CFO


Geokinetics to Present at Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - HOUSTON, TEXAS - March 23, 2012 - Geokinetics Inc. (NYSE AMEX: GOK) today announced that Richard F. Miles, President and Chief Executive Officer, will present at the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference ...

Geokinetics Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Financial Results
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - HOUSTON, TEXAS - March 23, 2012 - Geokinetics Inc. (NYSE Amex: GOK) today announced its financial results for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2011. Fourth Quarter 2011 Results Geokinetics ...

DRQ Crosses Above Key Moving Average Level


Global Geophysical Services Prices $50 Million Private Senior Notes Offering
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Global Geophysical Services, Inc. today announced that it priced a private offering of $50 million in aggregate principal amount of 101/2% senior notes due 2017 (the "notes") to qualified ...

Weatherford Announces Officer Promotion
[PR Newswire] - GENEVA, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Weatherford International Ltd. (NYSE / Euronext Paris / SIX: WFT) announced today that Mr. John H. Briscoe has been appointed as our Senior Vice President and Chief ...

The Law Firm of Levi & Korsinsky Notifies Investors With Losses on Their Investment in Carbo Ceramics, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and the Deadline of April 9, 2012 to Seek a Lead Plaintiff Position
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - Levi & Korsinsky announces that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of investors who purchased ...

Baker Hughes' Quest for Top Tech


Weekly US oil, gas rig count down 16 to 1,968


More Bad News For Baker Hughes: Credit Suisse Cuts Estimates


5 Reasons Why The Big Drop In Baker Hughes Is A Buying Opportunity


Weatherford International Passes This Key Test


Energy stocks rise after recent sell-off


A Hidden Reason Tesco's Earnings Are Outstanding


6 Reasons To Buy This $6 Stock
[at Seeking Alpha] - 6 Reasons To Buy This $6 Stock

American Petro-Hunter Outlines 2012 Development Drilling Program for Oklahoma -- Company Plans 5 Horizontal Wells for Mississippi Lime Play


Baker Hughes' slide continues


UPDATE 1-Venezuela to pay $420 mln to Williams and Exterran


REFILE-UPDATE 2-CME to change heating oil futures specs to reflect sulfur change


UPDATE 2-CME: NY heating oil futures to be ULSD from May '13


Venezuela to pay $420 mln to Williams and Exterran


Plains Issues $1.25B Senior Notes


US Cash Products-Pipe outage, maintenance boost Chicago diesel


Targa Resources Partners LP to Present at the Barclays Capital 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Targa Resources Partners LP ("Targa Resources Partners" or the "Partnership") announced today that representatives from Targa Resources Partners will present at the 2012 ...

US Cash Products-Pipeline outage boosts Chicago diesel


Regency Energy Partners to Host Annual Investor Day
[Business Wire] - Regency Energy Partners LP will host its fifth-annual meeting for analysts and investors, Wednesday, March 28th at the Rosewood Crescent Hotel in Dallas. For the schedu

Call seller sees cap on Williams gains


Genesis Energy, L.P. Prices Public Offering of Common Units
[Business Wire] - Genesis Energy, L.P. today announced the pricing of a registered underwritten public offering of 5,000,000 common units representing limited partner interests. The offering was priced at $30.80 per common unit.

Enbridge Gas Distribution Adjusts Prices
[Marketwire] - TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Enbridge Gas Distribution Inc., a regulated natural gas distribution utility, announced today that it has received approval from the Ontario Energy Board for new rates effective April 1, 2012.For typical residential customers who buy their gas supply and transportation from Enbridge ...

Genesis Energy, L.P. Announces Public Offering of Common Units
[Business Wire] - Genesis Energy, L.P. today announced the commencement of a registered underwritten public offering of 5,000,000 common units representing limited partner interests. The underwriters are expected to be granted a 30-day option to purchase up to 750,000 additional common units from us.

US Cash Products-Harbor gasoline rallies on tight supply


COLUMN-For Goldman expose, forget Greg Smith: Frankel


Searching For Yield? MLPs May Fit The Bill


Magellan shuts oil products pipeline after diesel leak


[$$] Gas Set to Test Capacity Limits


3 Ways To Reap The Dividends From Kinder Morgan And El Paso Merger


Energy Transfer Equity Mastering The MLP Space


[$$] Top Picks in Master Limited Partnerships


Refiner Still Dirt-Cheap As It Barrels Toward New Highs


US Cash Crude-Differentials rise as arb widens on last roll day


Alon Refining Krotz Springs Schedules Fourth Quarter and Year End 2011 Conference Call for Bondholders
[PR Newswire] - DALLAS, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Alon Refining Krotz Springs, Inc. (the "Company") announced that it has scheduled a conference call for its current bondholders to be held on Thursday, ...

Feds to provide aid for idled Pa. refinery workers


[$$] YPF Loss Two More Argentine Concessions


7 Reasons To Own This 5% Yielder For The Long Term


US Cash Crude-Thin trade, higher prices on wider arb


YPF loses two concession contracts in Mendoza, Buenos Aires Herald reports


Russia Raises Crude Oil Duty by Most in Year After Urals Gains


China Valves Technology: A Closer Look At Recent Developments And Business Outlook


Fitch downgrades Repsol, deconsolidates from YPF


HollyFrontier Corporation (HFC): Zacks Rank Buy


Delek US Holdings to Participate in the Howard Weil Energy Conference on March 27
[Business Wire] - Delek US Holdings, Inc. today announced that President and CEO Uzi Yemin and other members of executive management will participate in the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy

US Cash Crude-Seaway reversal weighs on Midwest grades


Retired Hess engineer named as ND energy official


US WCoast Products - Gasoline rises on work


Dynamic Fuels Facility Not Impacted by Neighboring Plant Fire
[GlobeNewswire] - TULSA, Okla. -- The fire reported at Westlake Chemical in Geismar, Louisiana on Thursday, March 22, 2012 did not impact the Dynamic Fuels facility.

Alon USA to Participate at the 40th Annual Howard Weil Energy Conference
[PR Newswire] - DALLAS, March 22, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Alon USA Energy, Inc. (NYSE: ALJ - News) ("Alon") today announced that the Company's management will be participating in one-on-one meetings with institutional ...

US Cash Crude-Midwest grades pulled down by Seaway reversal


Blue Rhino Introduces Rhino Gauge iPhone App Version 2.0
[PR Newswire] - WINSTON-SALEM, N.C., March 22, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Blue Rhino, the leading brand of propane tank exchange for gas grills, outdoor heaters and other propane appliances, has introduced version 2.0 of its ...

CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-US Cash Products-Harbor gasoline market rallies


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.85
[3.85, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85]

Indianapolis
3.844
[3.82, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85]

USA Average
3.87

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
106.75

Brent Prices
125.1

