This file created: May-02 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Student left in cell 4 days recalls hallucinations
SAN DIEGO (AP)  A college student picked up in a federal drug sweep in California was never arrested, never charged and should have been released. Instead, authorities say, he was forgotten in a holding cell for four days.

Afghanistan security deal Obama signed has holes
WASHINGTON (AP)  The 10-year security compact that President Barack Obama signed with Afghan President Hamid Karzai contains promises the United States and Afghanistan cannot guarantee they will keep, and loopholes for both nations.

Deal undone? Activist now wants to leave China
BEIJING (AP)  The blind Chinese dissident who boldly fled house arrest and placed himself under the wing of U.S. diplomats balked Wednesday at a deal delicately worked out between the two countries to let him live freely in China, saying he now fears for his family's safety unless they are all spirited abroad.

Gingrich ends campaign, urges party to back Romney
ARLINGTON, Va. (AP)  Newt Gingrich, the colorful former House speaker and fiery partisan, formally exited the Republican presidential contest Wednesday and vowed to help Mitt Romney's bid to defeat President Barack Obama.

Fierce clashes stoke tensions ahead of Egypt vote
CAIRO (AP)  Egypt's worst violence in months escalated the confrontation between political forces and the ruling military ahead of a landmark presidential election, as suspected army supporters attacked mainly Islamist protesters outside the Defense Ministry Wednesday, sparking clashes that left at least 11 people dead.

Adviser recounts Edwards' wife reacting to affair
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP)  A former adviser to John Edwards recounted Wednesday how the former presidential candidate's now-deceased wife indignantly confronted her husband, baring her chest in front of staff members the day after a tabloid reported that he was cheating on her.

Billy Graham backs NC anti-gay marriage amendment
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP)  The Rev. Billy Graham urged North Carolina voters Wednesday to support an amendment to the state constitution banning gay marriage, a move that an observer said was highly unusual but another said was in keeping with the minister's moral beliefs.

Bronzed NJ mom: Girl's sunburn not from salon
NEWARK, N.J. (AP)  A deeply tanned New Jersey mother accused of causing skin burns to her young daughter by taking her into a tanning booth pleaded not guilty Wednesday to a child endangerment charge, and the tanning salon's owner appeared to corroborate her story.

Police: 5 dead in shooting in Phoenix-area home
GILBERT, Ariz. (AP)  A man fatally shot four people, including a toddler, at a home in a Phoenix suburb Wednesday before being found dead, authorities said.

Munch's 'The Scream' may fetch $80M at NYC auction
NEW YORK (AP)  One of the art world's most recognizable images  Edvard Munch's "The Scream"  could sell for $80 million or more when it is auctioned at Sotheby's on Wednesday.

A look at record art auction prices
NEW YORK (AP)  Only eight works have sold at auction for more than $80 million. One of the art world's most recognizable images  Edvard Munch's "The Scream"  could top that amount when it is auctioned at Sotheby's on Wednesday.

Munch's 'The Scream' may fetch $80M at NYC auction
NEW YORK (AP)  One of the art world's most recognizable images  Edvard Munch's "The Scream"  could sell for $80 million or more when it is auctioned at Sotheby's on Wednesday.

Afghanistan security deal Obama signed has holes
WASHINGTON (AP)  The 10-year security compact that President Barack Obama signed with Afghan President Hamid Karzai contains promises the United States and Afghanistan cannot guarantee they will keep, and loopholes for both nations.

Student left in cell 4 days recalls hallucinations
SAN DIEGO (AP)  A college student picked up in a federal drug sweep in California was never arrested, never charged and should have been released. Instead, authorities say, he was forgotten in a holding cell for four days.

13 charged in hazing death of Fla. band member
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP)  Thirteen people were charged Wednesday in one of the biggest college hazing cases ever prosecuted in the U.S., accused in the death of a Florida A&M University drum major who authorities say was mercilessly pummeled by fellow members of the marching band.

Police: 5 dead in shooting in Phoenix-area home
GILBERT, Ariz. (AP)  A man fatally shot four people, including a toddler, at a home in a Phoenix suburb Wednesday before being found dead, authorities said.

Mich. student with disability asks to play sports
LANSING, Mich. (AP)  A 19-year-old with Down syndrome took his case for high school sports eligibility to state lawmakers Wednesday, arguing that Michigan should join a growing number of states that consider age-limit exemptions for student athletes whose playing careers are delayed because of disabilities.

In Arkansas, 2 women claim discarded lotto ticket
BEEBE, Ark. (AP)  When she plucked a winning lottery ticket out of the trash, Sharon Jones' luck changed instantly. The $1 million prize let her pay off debts, give thousands of dollars to her children and buy a gleaming new pickup truck.

Court: Ex-Bush aide protected from torture lawsuit
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  An appeals court on Wednesday tossed out a convicted terrorist's lawsuit accusing a high-ranking Bush administration lawyer who wrote the so-called "torture memos" of authorizing illegally harsh treatment of "enemy combatants."

Gingrich ends campaign, urges party to back Romney
ARLINGTON, Va. (AP)  Newt Gingrich, the colorful former House speaker and fiery partisan, formally exited the Republican presidential contest Wednesday and vowed to help Mitt Romney's bid to defeat President Barack Obama.

Deal undone? Activist now wants to leave China
BEIJING (AP)  The blind Chinese dissident who boldly fled house arrest and placed himself under the wing of U.S. diplomats balked Wednesday at a deal delicately worked out between the two countries to let him live freely in China, saying he now fears for his family<s safety unless they are all spirited abroad.

Fierce clashes stoke tensions ahead of Egypt vote
CAIRO (AP)  Egypt's worst violence in months escalated the confrontation between political forces and the ruling military ahead of a landmark presidential election, as suspected army supporters attacked mainly Islamist protesters outside the Defense Ministry Wednesday, sparking clashes that left at least 11 people dead.

French presidential candidates face off in debate
PARIS (AP)  France's presidential race hit a dramatic pitch Wednesday in the only face-to-face debate between President Nicolas Sarkozy and front-running challenger Francois Hollande  a verbal slugfest that broke little new ground on substance but exposed big differences in style.

US-Afghan pact achieved despite Karzai's rhetoric
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP)  Afghanistan's president has branded his U.S. allies as corrupt, wasteful and contemptuous of Afghan lives. Once he even threatened to join the Taliban. Nonetheless, Hamid Karzai signed a deal that could keep thousands of U.S. troops in his country for years.

Murdoch, politicians under pressure after report
LONDON (AP)  Not fit to run a major company. It is a damning judgment on Rupert Murdoch, a threat to his British assets  and a headache for Britain's government.

Hamas says it's holding talks with 5 EU countries
BEIRUT (AP)  Hamas has been holding secret political talks with five European Union member states in recent months, a senior official in the Islamic militant group told The Associated Press on Wednesday.

Eurozone unemployment hits record high
LONDON (AP)  The 17 countries that use the euro are facing the highest unemployment rates in the history of the currency as recession once again spreads across Europe, pressuring leaders to focus less on austerity and more on stimulating growth.

Airstrike kills 15 al-Qaida militants in Yemen
SANAA, Yemen (AP)  An airstrike Wednesday killed 15 al-Qaida-linked militants in their training camp in the country's south, Yemeni military officials said. The airstrike resembled earlier U.S. drone attacks, but the U.S. did not comment.

Israeli ministers: Election won't affect Iran
JERUSALEM (AP)  Two top Israeli security officials said Wednesday that the prospect of early national elections will have no influence over a decision over whether to strike Iranian nuclear sites.

Battle begins between Obama, Republican super PACs
NEW YORK (AP)  It's on.

Obama returns amid foreign, economic uncertainties
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama returned from Afghanistan to the uncertainty of election year politics and the complications of foreign policy Wednesday after traveling halfway around the world on the anniversary of Osama bin Laden's death.

Obama attends 2 high-dollar fundraisers
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama is mingling with donors at two high-dollar fundraising events, aiming to raise about $2 million toward his re-election effort.

Gingrich ends campaign, urges party to back Romney
ARLINGTON, Va. (AP)  Newt Gingrich, the colorful former House speaker and fiery partisan, formally exited the Republican presidential contest Wednesday and vowed to help Mitt Romney's bid to defeat President Barack Obama.

Pro-Romney group readies 9-state ad buy
NEW YORK (AP)  An independent group backing Republican Mitt Romney's presidential candidacy has placed a $4.3 million advertising buy in nine battleground states.

THE RACE: Obama flexes presidential muscle in race
We just saw a raw display of the power of the presidency in an election year.

W.Va. Gov. Tomblin keeping Obama at arms' length
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP)  Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin joined U.S. Sen. Joe Manchin on Wednesday in the list of top West Virginia Democratic officeholders keeping their distance from President Barack Obama, saying that neither the Democratic incumbent nor the presumed Republican presidential nominee, Mitt Romney, has earned his vote.

Theme of Wis. recall turns from unions to jobs
MADISON, Wis. (AP)  When Wisconsin Democrats launched their recall drive against Republican Gov. Scott Walker last year, it was all about unions. They wanted Walker to pay with his job for pushing legislation that stripped almost all public workers of nearly all their collective bargaining rights.

Romney campaigns for small-business vote in VA
CHANTILLY, Va. (AP)  Kicking off his Virginia campaign, Republican Mitt Romney said Wednesday he'll do "the opposite" of what President Barack Obama has done to help the economy. His wife, Ann, chipped in by appealing to women voters in a key region of a state both candidates will fight over until November's election.

In Kabul, Obama highlights foreign policy record
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama answered political taunts with presidential muscle Tuesday, addressing the nation from Kabul as Republicans said he's overdoing the celebration of Osama bin Laden's death one year ago.

Discouraging jobs news leaves stock prices mixed
NEW YORK (AP)  When hiring slumps, so do stock prices.

Eurozone unemployment hits record high
LONDON (AP)  The 17 countries that use the euro are facing the highest unemployment rates in the history of the currency as recession once again spreads across Europe, pressuring leaders to focus less on austerity and more on stimulating growth.

Why small business owners are hesitant to hire
NEW YORK (AP)  Ken Levien has no plans to hire more people for his real estate project management company in New York. He says his business has only about 85 percent of the amount of work it can handle because the building industry is still hurting from the recession.

Visa profit rises 30 percent as card use rises
NEW YORK (AP)  Visa said Wednesday that its profit for the first three months of the year was up 30 percent from the year before, primarily because credit card use rose in the United States and overseas.

Private survey shows US hiring slowed last month
WASHINGTON (AP)  A private survey shows U.S. businesses sharply reduced hiring in April, a cautionary sign two days before the government reports on monthly job growth.

Carlyle Group sets IPO at $22 a unit, below range
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Carlyle Group has priced its planned initial public offering at $22 per unit, below its expected price range.

Spirit Airlines raising carry-on bag fee to $100
NEW YORK (AP)  Putting a bag in the overhead bin will soon cost some Spirit Airlines passengers $100. That's more than they may have paid for their tickets.

Judge allows Gulf oil spill settlement to proceed
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  A federal judge on Wednesday preliminarily approved a proposed class-action settlement that would resolve billions of dollars in claims against BP over the 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.

US factory orders fell in March by most in 3 years
WASHINGTON (AP)  Demand for U.S. factory goods dropped in March by the most in three years, driven lower by a sharp fall in volatile orders for commercial aircraft. Still, more recent data suggest the decline may be temporary.

Sears execs say retailer financially strong
HOFFMAN ESTATES, Ill. (AP)  Sears executives tried Wednesday to ease concerns about the troubled retailer's long-term outlook amid ever-sinking sales, emphasizing the company's financial strength, increased liquidity and prospects to boost operational results.

Comcast 1Q earnings up 30 percent
NEW YORK (AP)  Comcast Corp., the country's largest cable company, reported a 30 percent profit increase in the first quarter, beating expectations on the strength of Super Bowl advertising and its popular broadband service.

RIM says will still make keypads for BlackBerrys
TORONTO (AP)  Research in Motion Ltd. says future BlackBerry models will still offer physical keyboards.

Target phasing out  Amazon's Kindle
NEW YORK (AP)  Target Corp. is phasing out Amazon.com Inc.'s e-reader Kindle at its more than 1,700 stores and its website.

Fans can watch every Olympic event live online
NEW YORK (AP)  Usain Bolt could be defending his Olympic 200-meter title on a Thursday afternoon in the United States.

Indictment returned in NYC computer hacking case
NEW YORK (AP)  The name of a Chicago man already charged in a computer hacking case aimed at taking out key players in the worldwide group Anonymous was added to an indictment Wednesday, boosting the accusations against him by including him in much of the wider conspiracy to hack into corporations and government agencies worldwide.

New Greek parties thrive online
ATHENS, Greece (AP)  From his tiny, windowless office, George Palamarizis tirelessly chips away at Greece's political establishment.

Ergen lays out Dish Network's 10-year plan
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. (AP)  Charlie Ergen, the billionaire who controls Dish Network Corp., has a 10-year plan to transform the satellite TV provider into a one-stop shop for Internet access, video and voice services at home and on the go.

Harvard, MIT announce online learning partnership
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP)  Harvard and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have joined forces to offer free online courses in a project aimed at attracting millions of online learners around the world, the universities announced Wednesday.

CBS 1Q beats Street on digital, overseas sales
LOS ANGELES (AP)  CBS Corp. on Tuesday said its net income grew 80 percent in the first quarter, as revenue surged on digital licensing deals for its TV shows and overseas sales of reruns.

BlackBerry-maker RIM unveils prototype
TORONTO (AP)  Research In Motion's new chief executive unveiled a newly-designed BlackBerry smartphone prototype powered by a re-imagined operating system the very software the company has pinned its future on.

First of 2 papers on lab-made bird flu published
NEW YORK (AP)  Four months ago the U.S. government sought to block publication of two studies about how scientists created an easily spread form of bird flu. Now a revised version of one paper is seeing the light of day with the government's blessing.

1st private cargo run to space station delayed
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP)  The first commercial cargo run to the International Space Station has been delayed again for more software testing.

APNewsBreak: Protection sought for rare woodpecker
RENO, Nev. (AP)  Smokey Bear has done such a good job stamping out forest fires the past half-century that a woodpecker that's survived for millions of years by eating beetle larvae in burned trees is in danger of going extinct in parts of the West, according to conservationists seeking U.S. protection for the bird.

Dolphin spends third day in California wetlands
HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. (AP)  A wayward dolphin is spending a third straight day in a narrow wetlands channel along the Southern California coast, under the watchful eyes of wildlife experts.

USDA: Offspring of mad cow did not have disease
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  Investigators looking into California's first case of mad cow disease say they have tracked down at least one of her offspring in another state.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Chesapeake CEO Issues Apology to Investors


WRAPUP 1-Oil profits drive fast-growing Pioneer, Continental


UPDATE 1-Magellan Midstream sees a sound future for Cushing business


UPDATE 1-Continental Resources profit misses estimates


Pioneer Natural 1st-qtr profits beat Wall St


LRR Energy to acquire oil and gas producing properties from Lime Rock


LRR Energy, L.P. to Acquire Oil and Gas Producing Properties from Lime Rock Resources
[Business Wire] - LRR Energy, L.P. announced today that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire certain oil and natural gas properties in the Permian Basin region in New Mexico and onshore Gulf Coast region in Texas from its sponsor, Lime Rock Resources, for a purchase price of $67.0 million.

EXCO Resources' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - EXCO Resources' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Continental Resources Reports 66 Percent Increase in Daily Production in the First Quarter of 2012 Compared with the First Quarter of 2011
[PR Newswire] - OKLAHOMA CITY, May 2, 2012 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/--Continental Resources, Inc. (CLR) reported production of 85,526 Boepd (barrels of oil equivalent per day) for the first quarter of 2012, a 66 percent ...

Got a Strong Stomach? Chesapeake Setting Up for a 'Buy': Pro


Double Eagle Petroleum Reports First Quarter Results
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, May 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Double Eagle Petroleum Co. (DBLE) reported today its financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2012. The Company had a net loss attributable to common ...

[video] Can McClendon Survive the Chesapeake Controversy?


UPDATE 1-Concho Resources 1st-qtr misses Street


SM Energy Reports Results for the First Quarter of 2012; Provides Operations Update
[Business Wire] - SM Energy Company announces financial results for the first quarter of 2012 and provides an operations update. In addition, a new presentation for the Company's first quarter earnings and operations update will be posted on the Company's website at www.sm-energy.com.

Noble Energy Provides Update On Leviathan Deep
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, May 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) today announced that the Leviathan deep well offshore Israel has reached a depth of approximately 21,400 feet, the deepest known penetration ...

The cost of well-run companies
[at Financial Times] - Shareholders are revolting, and not the way Occupy might claim. On both sides of the Atlantic, companies face embarrassing shareholder rebellions over pay. They are long overdue.

Sen Nelson seeks US probe into Chesapeake Energy


Chesapeake Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Chesapeake Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

[video] Chesapeake: Buy, Sell or Hold?


Pioneer Natural Resources Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial and Operating Results
[Business Wire] - Pioneer Natural Resources Company today announced financial and operating results for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.

Endeavour International, MOD-PAC: Biggest Price Decliners (END, MPAC)


Chesapeake Energy, Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR: Money Flow Leaders (CHK, XLP)


Chesapeake CEO Issues Apology to Investors


Gulf Oil Drilling Ban Draws New Scrutiny


Final Glance: Oil companies


Ex-BP engineer indicted on obstruction charges


BP May Be Cheap, But There's A Lot Of Work Left To Do


Time for Natural-Gas Price Watchers to Buckle Up?


Imperial Considering LNG Exports From Canada, CEO March Says


ConocoPhillips (COP): Today's Featured Basic Materials Loser


[$$] Gas Futures Drop 5%


Not Happy With Exxon's Yield? Let's Look At It This Way


Hey Chesapeake Board! Your Company's Publicly Held!


Chesapeake Rocked by Fundamentals (For a Change)


UPDATE 1-US DOE says test shows potential for natgas hydrates


UPDATE 1-Oil payment change hits Rosneft free cash flow


Phillips 66 Rings Opening Bell at New York Stock Exchange
[Business Wire] - Executives and employees from Phillips 66 celebrated the companys first week of regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange today by ringing the opening bell. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Greg C.

Land Grabbing to Reshape Asia


Exxon: Now A Strong Buy On Russian Venture, Higher Prices


Midday Glance: Oil companies


Imperial Oil eyeing Canadian LNG plant


Why Stock Dividends are Sexy Right Now


US Cash Crude-Lower as trans-Atlantic arb moves in


Ensco plc Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[Business Wire] - Ensco plc reported diluted earnings per share of $1.15 for first quarter 2012, compared to $0.45 per share in first quarter 2011. Professional fees, severance payments and other integration-related costs associated with the Pride International, Inc.

3 Things to Watch For When SandRidge Energy Reports


UPDATE 1-Transocean Q1 profit down, revenue up 9 pct


Transocean's 1Q profit falls on special charges


UPDATE 1-Concho Resources 1st-qtr misses Street


Rowan Companies to remain in S&P 500 following reorganization


Transocean First-Quarter Profit Falls on Maintenance Costs


Transocean Ltd. Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[Marketwire] - ZUG, SWITZERLAND-- - Transocean Ltd. First quarter 2012 revenues were $2.331 billion compared with $2.422 billion in the fourth quarter 2011, First quarter 2012 net income attributable to controlling interest ...

Legacy Reserves LP Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
[GlobeNewswire] - MIDLAND, Texas -- Legacy Reserves LP ("Legacy") today announced its first quarter results for 2012. The final unaudited Quarterly Report will be released and filed on or about May 4, 2012.

Pioneer Southwest Energy Partners L.P. Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial and Operating Results
[Business Wire] - Pioneer Southwest Energy Partners L.P. today announced financial and operating results for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.

Concho Resources Inc. Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial and Operating Results
[Business Wire] - Concho Resources Inc. today reported financial and operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2012. Highlights for the three mon

Oil tanker hits rig in Texas channel


Tri-Valley Corporation Receives Notification of Non Compliance from NYSE Amex
[Business Wire] - Tri-Valley Corporation today announced that it has received notification from NYSE Amex, LLC, dated April 26, 2012, that the Company is not in compliance with cert

Pengrowth Announces First Quarter, 2012 Results, Significant Progress at Lindbergh and Mailing Re: NAL Acquisition
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Pengrowth Energy Corporation is pleased to report its unaudited financial and operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2012. All figures are in Canadian dollars unless ...

Vanguard Natural Resources' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Vanguard Natural Resources' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Union Drilling Reports 2012 First Quarter Results
[PR Newswire] - FORT WORTH, Texas, May 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Union Drilling, Inc. (UDRL) announced today financial and operating results for the three month period ended March 31, 2012.Revenues for the first ...

EnerCom, Inc. Announces London Oil & Gas Conference 4 on 13-14 June 2012
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, May 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- EnerCom, Inc. ( http://www.enercominc.com ) today announced its presentation line-up for the London Oil & Gas Conference 4 ( http://www.enercomlogc.com/programme2012.html ...

Rowan Tops on Strong Demand


Parker Drilling's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Parker Drilling's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

LNG: burning need
[at Financial Times] - Australia can breathe a sigh of relief. As Japan prepares for its post-nuclear energy era its appetite for Australian liquefied natural gas has been confirmed. This week, a joint venture between Japan's ...

Rex Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Rex Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

BP Oil Spill Judge Tentatively Approves $7.8 Billion Pact


GulfMark Offshore Announces First Quarter 2012 Operating Results
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- GulfMark Offshore, Inc. today announced the results of its operations for the three-month period ended March 31, 2012. For the three months ended March 31, 2012, revenue was $87.4 million, and ...

Nabors Offers Investors Significant Valuation Upside


Halliburton and Gazprom International to Collaborate on Technical Exchange and Technology Deployment
[Business Wire] - Halliburton has signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Gazprom International for the development and implementation of new oil and gas technologies in global exp

Transocean First-Quarter Profit Falls on Maintenance Costs


Energy XXI Reinstates Quarterly Dividend on Common Shares
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Energy XXI today announced its board of directors has declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.07 per share of common stock, to be paid on June 15, 2012 to shareholders of record on ...

Energy XXI Reports Fiscal Third-Quarter Results and Provides Operations Update
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Energy XXI today announced results for the fiscal third-quarter ended March 31, 2012 and provided an operational update.

TEXT-S&P rates FMC Technologies


Precision Drilling Corporation Announces Webcast of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Precision Drilling Corporation will hold its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on Wednesday, May 9, 2012. The Meeting will be held in the Enmax Ballroom at the Calgary Chamber ...

Adino Energy Corporation Well Positioned in Tightening Oilfield Services Market


Dawson Geophysical's CEO Discusses F2Q12 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Dawson Geophysical's CEO Discusses F2Q12 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Warren Resources Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


Baker Hughes Ex-Dividend Reminder


WSP Filed its Annual Report on Form 20-F for 2011
[PR Newswire] - WUXI, China, May 2, 2012 /PRNewswire-Asia-FirstCall/ -- WSP Holdings Limited (WH) ("WSP Holdings" or the "Company"), a leading Chinese manufacturer of API (American Petroleum ...

American Petro-Hunter's SOM-1H Mississippi Lime Horizontal Well Reaches T.D. -- Completion to Commence at South Oklahoma Project


Dawson Geophysical Reports Second Fiscal Quarter 2012 Results
[PR Newswire] - MIDLAND, Texas, May 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Dawson Geophysical Company (DWSN) today reported revenues of $85,546,000 for the quarter-ended March 31, 2012, the Company's second quarter of fiscal ...

Weatherford International Ltd Stock Downgraded (WFT)


UPDATE 1-US, Alabama urge no delay in BP oil spill trial


BP Spill Trial Shouldnt Be Delayed by Settlement, U.S. Says


Get Ready for the Bounce


Alabama urges no delay in BP oil spill trial


Warren's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Warren's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

UPDATE 1-Magellan Midstream sees a sound future for Cushing business


Spectra Energy One Of The Better Income Plays On The Market


20 Largest Pipeline MLPs: Ratings From Very Bullish To Strong Sell From Thompson Reuters 'Star Mine'


Atlas Energy, L.P. to Release Financial Results for First Quarter 2012 and Host Conference Call
[Business Wire] - Atlas Energy, L.P. announces today that it will release results for the first quarter 2012 on Monday, May 7, 2012 after market hours, and invites investors and other i

Sunoco Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
[Business Wire] - Sunoco, Inc. reported net income attributable to Sunoco, Inc. shareholders of $248 million for the first quarter of 2012 versus a net loss attributable to Sunoco, Inc.

Enbridge Files 2011 U.S. GAAP Statements; Confirms $262 Million EGNB Write Down Following Finalization of Rates and Tariff Regulation in New Brunswick
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Enbridge Inc. today voluntarily filed audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, prepared in accordance with United States generally ...

Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. Reports Earnings for the First Quarter 2012
[Business Wire] - Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. today announced net income attributable to owners for the first quarter 2012 of $95 million , compared with $48 million for the first quarter 2011.

Western Gas Partners Announces First-Quarter 2012 Results
[Business Wire] - Western Gas Partners, LP today announced first-quarter 2012 financial and operating results. Net income available to limited partners for the first quarter of 2012 totaled $43.8 million, or $0.48 per common unit .

ONEOK to Present at American Gas Association Financial Forum
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., May 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) will present at the American Gas Association Financial Forum on Monday, May 7, 2012, in Scottsdale, Ariz., at 1 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time ...

Weakness at Williams Causes Restatement for Deferred Taxes
[at The Wall Street Journal] - Weakness at Williams Causes Restatement for Deferred Taxes

ONEOK Partners Posts Mixed 1Q


Magellan Midstream sees Cushing crude storage fundamentals relatively unchanged


3 Booming Dividend Stocks That Are Still Buys


Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. Named Top Dividend Stock With Insider Buying and 6.92% Yield


MLPs -- Part 11: Review Portfolio Of 6 Selected MLP's From Top 20 In Alerian MLP Index


An (Almost) Unnoticed $497 Million Accounting Error


Magellan Midstream 1st-qtr profit rises 4 percent


ONEOK Partners' Earnings Beat Last Year's by 57%


Spectra Energy President & CEO Greg Ebel Comments on Today's Announcement by Its Affiliate, DCP Midstream:
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, May 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Spectra Energy's (SE) President and Chief Executive Officer, Greg Ebel, commented on today's announcement made by DCP Midstream, LLC (" DCP Midstream's Growth ...

Magellan Midstream Partners LP Ex-Dividend Reminder


NuStar Energy L.P. Ex-Dividend Reminder


1 Oil and Gas Business to Avoid


Murphy Oil 1Q net rises 7.9 percent


San Francisco Gasoline Rises to Six-Month High on Work


Sunoco's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Sunoco's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Marathon Oil Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Marathon Oil Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Eagle Rock Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Eagle Rock Energy Partners, L.P. ("Eagle Rock" or the "Partnership") today announced its unaudited financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2012. Financial ...

Tesoro Corp Earnings: Quarter Lacks Gusto


Sunoco Inc. Earnings: Back to the Black


Murphy Oil Corp Earnings: Profit Up


Sunoco Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
[Business Wire] - Sunoco, Inc. reported net income attributable to Sunoco, Inc. shareholders of $248 million for the first quarter of 2012 versus a net loss attributable to Sunoco, Inc.

Murphy Oil Announces Preliminary First Quarter 2012 Earnings
[Business Wire] - Murphy Oil Corporation announced today that net income in the first quarter of 2012 was $290.1 million , compared to net income of $268.9 million in the first quarter of 2011.

Why World Fuel Services Shares Got Crushed


Marathon Oil 1st-quarter profit drops 58 percent


CVR Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - CVR Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Calumet Specialty Products' Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Calumet Specialty Products' Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Calumet 1Q profit up on demand for petroleum goods


Red Elctrica: power outage
[at Financial Times] - One swallow may not make a spring, but two Latin American nationalisation gulps in less than a month may give investors pause for thought. Tuesday's move by Evo Morales, Bolivia's president, to take over ...

Marathon Oil Misses as Output Slips


Calumet Specialty Products Partners Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


US Cash Crude-Lower as trans-Atlantic arb moves in


Marathon Oil 1Q Profit Sinks as Production Slows


World Fuel Services Increases Sales but Misses Revenue Estimate


Marathon OIl profit down after spinoff


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.65
[3.65, 3.65, 3.65, 3.65, 3.65]

Indianapolis
3.714
[3.65, 3.69, 3.73, 3.75, 3.75]

USA Average
3.8

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
105.35

Brent Prices
118.2

