This file created: February-29 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
North Korea says it will halt nuclear activities
WASHINGTON (AP)  North Korea raised hopes Wednesday for a major easing in nuclear tensions under its youthful new leader, agreeing to suspend uranium enrichment at a major facility and refrain from missile and nuclear tests in exchange for a mountain of critically needed U.S. food aid.

On to Super Tuesday: Santorum, Romney battle on
WASHINGTON (AP)  A victorious Mitt Romney and runner-up Rick Santorum both claimed satisfaction from the close Michigan primary on Wednesday as they swiftly shifted their duel for the Republican presidential nomination to Ohio and the rest of next week's delegate-rich Super Tuesday contests.

Syria threatens to 'cleanse' rebel area in Homs
BEIRUT (AP)  The Syrian regime showed a new determination Wednesday to crush its opponents, vowing to "cleanse" a rebel-held district in the besieged central city of Homs after nearly four weeks of shelling.

Midwest twisters devastate 2 small towns, kill 10
HARRISBURG, Ill. (AP)  Twisters roared through the nation's heartland in the early morning darkness Wednesday, flattening entire blocks of homes in small-town Illinois and Kansas and killing at least 10 people.

Ohio shooting suspect may have used relative's gun
CHARDON, Ohio (AP)  The teenager suspected in an Ohio school shooting struggled with a broken family and did poorly in school, then appeared to turn himself around once he was taken in by grandparents and began to attend an alternative school, longtime neighbors and friends said Wednesday

Egypt lifts travel ban on US pro-democracy workers
CAIRO (AP)  Egypt lifted a travel ban Wednesday on seven Americans charged with fomenting unrest by working for illegally funded pro-democracy groups, signaling an end to the worst crisis in Egypt-U.S. relations in 30 years.

Q&A: Google to dig deeper into users' lives
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  If you're amazed  and maybe even a little alarmed  about how much Google seems to know about you, brace yourself. Beginning Thursday, Google will operate under a streamlined privacy policy that enables the Internet's most powerful company to dig even deeper into the lives of its more than 1 billion users.

Ex-US senator to run for his former seat
OMAHA, Nebraska (AP)  A prominent former senator reversed course Wednesday and said he will seek the Democratic nomination for his old seat in the central state of Nebraska, giving hope to Democrats desperate to stop Republicans from regaining control of the Senate in the November elections.

Singer Davy Jones of The Monkees dies in Fla at 66
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP)  Davy Jones, the diminutive heartthrob who rocketed to the top of the 1960s music charts by beckoning millions of adoring fans singing the catchy refrains of The Monkees, died Wednesday. He was 66.

Steelers will release WR Hines Ward
PITTSBURGH (AP)  Hines Ward's constant, ear-to-ear smile tucked behind a black facemask has been a lasting image for Pittsburgh Steelers fans the past 14 seasons.

Midwest twisters devastate 2 small towns, kill 10
HARRISBURG, Ill. (AP)  Twisters roared through the nation's heartland in the early morning darkness Wednesday, flattening entire blocks of homes in small-town Illinois and Kansas and killing at least 10 people.

Ohio shooting suspect may have used relative's gun
CHARDON, Ohio (AP)  The teenager suspected in an Ohio school shooting struggled with a broken family and did poorly in school, then appeared to turn himself around once he was taken in by grandparents and began to attend an alternative school, longtime neighbors and friends said Wednesday

Judge blocks day labor rules in AZ immigration law
PHOENIX (AP)  A federal judge blocked police in Arizona from enforcing a section of the state's 2010 immigration enforcement law that prohibited people from blocking traffic when they seek or offer day labor services on streets.

Obama salutes Iraq war vets at White House dinner
WASHINGTON (AP)  With a formal dinner for the few, President Barack Obama is paying tribute to the many.

Ala. Coast Guard chopper crash: 1 dead, 3 missing
MOBILE, Ala. (AP)  As divers searched the muddy bottom of Alabama's Mobile Bay, a salvage ship was dispatched Wednesday to the sunken wreckage of a U.S. Coast Guard helicopter that crashed on a training mission, leaving one crewmember dead and three others missing.

2002 Pentagon memo guided 9/11 remains disposal
WASHINGTON (AP)  The disposal of human remains from the 9/11 attack on the Pentagon, including the incineration and dumping of some portions in a landfill, was based on high-level Pentagon instructions, the Air Force's top general said Wednesday.

Testimony: Student adjusted webcam for better view
NEW BRUNSWICK, New Jersey (AP)  A student gave some of the most damaging testimony yet Wednesday in a former classmate's trial for allegedly using a webcam to spy on his roommate's intimate encounter with another man.

Leader of 'Texas 7' prison-break gang put to death
HUNTSVILLE, Texas (AP)  The leader of the fugitive gang known as the "Texas 7" was executed Wednesday for killing a suburban Dallas police officer during a robbery 11 years ago after organizing and pulling off Texas' biggest prison break.

First vote looms on Obama birth control policy
WASHINGTON (AP)  Democrats and Republicans, both eager to rouse their respective political bases in an election year, fought Thursday over President Barack Obama's mandate that health insurers cover the cost of contraceptives. GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney lent little clarity to the debate.

$375M health care scheme went unnoticed for years
DALLAS (AP)  The Texas doctor accused of "selling his signature" to process almost $375 million in false Medicare and Medicaid claims went unnoticed for half a decade by a fraud detection system that some critics say is broken.

Syria threatens to 'cleanse' rebel area in Homs
BEIRUT (AP)  The Syrian regime showed a new determination Wednesday to crush its opponents, vowing to "cleanse" a rebel-held district in the besieged central city of Homs after nearly four weeks of shelling.

Senegal heading to runoff in presidential race
DAKAR, Senegal (AP)  Presidential election results published late Wednesday dealt a humiliating blow to Senegal's aging leader, who had boasted that he would win the race outright and instead will have to face his former protege in a runoff election next month.

Chavez's health key to Venezuela political future
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP)  It's hard to imagine an election in Venezuela without Hugo Chavez, the larger-than-life personality who gazes down from billboards and murals and fills the airwaves for hours at a stretch with his unique mixture of fiery speeches and folksy banter.

UK warns Argentina regarding the Falklands
LONDON (AP)  The British government summoned Argentina's top diplomat to the Foreign Office on Wednesday to explain his country's decision to ask 20 leading companies to stop importing British products and supplies because of the dispute over the Falkland Islands.

Former US resident pleads guilty at Guantanamo
GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba (AP)  A former Maryland resident pleaded guilty Wednesday to helping al-Qaida plot attacks from his native Pakistan, reaching a plea deal with the U.S. government that spares him from a potential life sentence in exchange for helping to convict fellow prisoners at Guantanamo Bay.

James Murdoch quits role at UK newspaper branch
LONDON (AP)  James Murdoch, his credibility diminished and his future at the helm of his father's media empire in doubt, has stepped down as executive chairman of News International, the troubled British newspaper subsidiary embroiled in a deepening phone hacking scandal.

Egypt lifts travel ban on US pro-democracy workers
CAIRO (AP)  Egypt lifted a travel ban Wednesday on seven Americans charged with fomenting unrest by working for illegally funded pro-democracy groups, signaling an end to the worst crisis in Egypt-U.S. relations in 30 years.

Spain student protests turn violent in Barcelona
BARCELONA, Spain (AP)  Tens of thousands of students protested education spending cuts in big cities across Spain on Wednesday, and the demonstrations turned violent in Barcelona as angry young adults clashed with police.

Poor Brazilians eke out life in seized high-rises
SAO PAULO (AP)  They've squatted for years, living in a 22-story building they took over in the heart of South America's biggest city.

Microsoft unveils Windows 8 for consumer testing
BARCELONA, Spain (AP)  Microsoft on Wednesday let consumers start trying out its upcoming touch-based Windows 8 operating system, which aims to power a new wave of computer tablets and traditional PCs designed to counter Apple's big gains in the market through its Macs and iPads.

On to Super Tuesday: Santorum, Romney battle on
WASHINGTON (AP)  A victorious Mitt Romney and runner-up Rick Santorum both claimed satisfaction from the close Michigan primary on Wednesday as they swiftly shifted their duel for the Republican presidential nomination to Ohio and the rest of next week's delegate-rich Super Tuesday contests.

GOP race on pace for summer delegate fight
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney got two important wins in the Arizona and Michigan primaries, but he better pick up the pace if he wants to lock up the Republican nomination for president before the party's national convention in late August.

Obama, Congress leaders seek cooperation on jobs
WASHINGTON (AP)  After quarreling for months, President Barack Obama and the top two Republicans in Congress expressed optimism Wednesday about finding a common jobs and energy agenda, prodded by political reality to show results in an election year.

Santorum raises $9 million in February
WASHINGTON (AP)  Rick Santorum's presidential campaign raised $9 million in February as he emerged the chief rival to Republican Mitt Romney.

Ex-US senator to run for his former seat
OMAHA, Nebraska (AP)  A prominent former senator reversed course Wednesday and said he will seek the Democratic nomination for his old seat in the central state of Nebraska, giving hope to Democrats desperate to stop Republicans from regaining control of the Senate in the November elections.

Clinton defends administration record on Israel
WASHINGTON (AP)  Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton is dismissing Republican criticism of President Barack Obama's record in supporting Israel and says U.S. aid would be the highest ever.

Romney wins in Michigan by sinking a surging rival
DETROIT (AP)  Republican Mitt Romney staved off calamity in his presidential bid by returning to a familiar plan: Attack the surging rival.

Romney wins Michigan and Arizona primaries
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney has won Republican presidential primaries in his home state of Michigan and in Arizona, besting Rick Santorum with a pair of victories certain to shore up Romney's struggling campaign.

GOP regulars behind Romney's victory in Michigan
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney drew strength from Republican loyalists and all but the most conservative voters on Tuesday to claim victory in a grueling GOP presidential primary in his native state of Michigan, an exit poll of voters showed.

UK warns Argentina regarding the Falklands
LONDON (AP)  The British government summoned Argentina's top diplomat to the Foreign Office on Wednesday to explain his country's decision to ask 20 leading companies to stop importing British products and supplies because of the dispute over the Falkland Islands.

Will higher gas prices derail the economy?
NEW YORK (AP)  The price of gas has jumped 45 cents since Jan. 1 and is the highest on record for this time of year, an average of $3.73 a gallon. On Wall Street, talk has turned from the European debt crisis to another worry: Will higher gas prices derail the economic recovery?

Nasdaq cracks 3,000, but stocks fall
The Nasdaq composite index briefly broke through 3,000 on Wednesday for the first time since the collapse in dot-com stocks more than a decade ago. Stocks ended lower, but it was still the best February on Wall Street in 14 years.

Q&A: Google to dig deeper into users' lives
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  If you're amazed  and maybe even a little alarmed  about how much Google seems to know about you, brace yourself. Beginning Thursday, Google will operate under a streamlined privacy policy that enables the Internet's most powerful company to dig even deeper into the lives of its more than 1 billion users.

Apple market value hits $500B, where few have gone
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple's market capitalization topped $500 billion Wednesday, climbing to a mountain peak where few companies have ventured  and none have stayed for long.

Microsoft unveils Windows 8 for consumer testing
BARCELONA, Spain (AP)  Microsoft on Wednesday let consumers start trying out its upcoming touch-based Windows 8 operating system, which aims to power a new wave of computer tablets and traditional PCs designed to counter Apple's big gains in the market through its Macs and iPads.

Bernanke notes economy better than expected
WASHINGTON (AP)  Chairman Ben Bernanke told lawmakers Wednesday that the economy has performed better in recent months than the Federal Reserve had expected. If the trend continues, he said the Fed might have to reassess its outlook for a slow recovery.

Faster growth last quarter bolsters hopes for 2012
WASHINGTON (AP)  Stronger hiring and higher pay and savings should support solid growth for the economy in coming months.

Italy's Costa brand weakened by shipwreck, fire
MILAN (AP)  Costa Crociere SpA, the largest cruise brand in Europe, is facing a legal and public relations nightmare after seeing two high-profile disasters on its ships barely six weeks apart.

James Murdoch quits role at UK newspaper branch
LONDON (AP)  James Murdoch, his credibility diminished and his future at the helm of his father's media empire in doubt, has stepped down as executive chairman of News International, the troubled British newspaper subsidiary embroiled in a deepening phone hacking scandal.

Q&A: Google to dig deeper into users' lives
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  If you're amazed  and maybe even a little alarmed  about how much Google seems to know about you, brace yourself. Beginning Thursday, Google will operate under a streamlined privacy policy that enables the Internet's most powerful company to dig even deeper into the lives of its more than 1 billion users.

Microsoft unveils Windows 8 for consumer testing
BARCELONA, Spain (AP)  Microsoft on Wednesday let consumers start trying out its upcoming touch-based Windows 8 operating system, which aims to power a new wave of computer tablets and traditional PCs designed to counter Apple's big gains in the market through its Macs and iPads.

Brand-name deals to mix with Facebook friend posts
NEW YORK (AP)  Messages from brands such as Walmart and Starbucks may soon be mixed in with your Facebook status updates and baby photos from friends and family.

Apple market value hits $500B, where few have gone
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple's market capitalization topped $500 billion Wednesday, climbing to a mountain peak where few companies have ventured  and none have stayed for long.

Interpol says suspected Anonymous hackers arrested
PARIS (AP)  Interpol said Tuesday that 25 suspected members of the loose-knit Anonymous hacker movement have been arrested in a sweep across Europe and South America.

Blizzard Entertainment lays off 600 people
IRVINE, California (AP)  Blizzard Entertainment says it's cutting about 600 jobs.

Chinese court hears Apple appeal on iPad trademark
GUANGZHOU, China (AP)  A Chinese court on Wednesday began hearing Apple's appeal of a ruling against its right to use the iPad trademark in China, but no decision was announced.

Microsoft sees future in Windows 8 amid iPad rise
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Microsoft is scrambling to preserve what's left of its kingdom.

New law could free up TV airwaves for mobile use
NEW YORK (AP)  A new law could result in fewer TV stations on the air, in exchange for faster wireless data services for smartphones and tablet computers.

Yahoo seeking patent windfall from Facebook
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  With its own fortunes sinking, Yahoo is angling for a windfall from rising Internet star Facebook.

Dinosaurs had fleas too _ giant ones, fossils show
WASHINGTON (AP)  In the Jurassic era, even the flea was a beast, compared to its minuscule modern descendants. These pesky bloodsuckers were nearly an inch long.

Scientists reconstruct long-extinct giant penguin
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP)  It was a slender bird, with long wings and a spear-like bill to catch swift ocean prey. And scientists say the first glimpse of the extinct giant penguin species was worth the 26 million-year wait.

Poll: US belief in warming rises with thermometer
WASHINGTON (AP)  Americans' belief in global warming is on the rise, along with temperatures and surprising weather changes, according to a new university poll.

Smithsonian plans festival to welcome Discovery
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Smithsonian Institution plans a four-day festival with NASA to welcome space shuttle Discovery into its collection in April.

Obama plan for spotted owl targets rival bird
WASHINGTON (AP)  To save the imperiled spotted owl, the Obama administration is moving forward with a controversial plan to shoot barred owls, a rival bird that has shoved its smaller cousin aside.

Tsunami debris floating across Pacific toward US
HONOLULU (AP)  Refrigerators, TVs and other debris dragged into sea when a massive earthquake hit Japan last March, causing tsunamis as high as 130 feet to crash ashore, could show up in remote atolls north of Hawaii as soon as this winter, with other pieces reaching parts of the West Coast in 2013 and 2014, experts say.

W. Pa. wells had casing failures in complaint area
PITTSBURGH (AP)  At least two gas wells near a community that's complained of sudden drinking water pollution developed casing problems during the drilling process, but neither Rex Energy Corp. nor state environmental regulators disclosed those problems during recent discussions about the contamination.

BP, plaintiffs focus on Gulf oil spill settlement
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  Nearly two years after his brother Gordon was killed in the Deepwater Horizon oil rig explosion, Chris Jones had planned to drive in from Baton Rouge with other relatives to attend the start of the federal trial over the nation's worst offshore oil disaster.

Scientists see red on NASA cuts of Mars missions
WASHINGTON (AP)  NASA said Monday it is not giving up on Mars, but it will have to get there later and at a lower price.

Supreme Court rejects emergency carp measures
TRAVERSE CITY, Mich. (AP)  The U.S. Supreme Court refused Monday to order emergency measures that might prevent Asian carp from reaching the Great Lakes, despite a warning that the exotic fish pose a "dire threat" to the region's environment and economy.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
UPDATE 1-Chesapeake says DoJ investigating three well sites


Chesapeake says DoJ investigating three sites


How To Play A Softening Market - And What To Watch For Thursday


Southwestern Energy Announces Private Placement of $1 Billion of 4.10% Senior Notes
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, Feb. 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwestern Energy Company (NYSE: SWN - News) announced today the pricing of $1 billion principal amount of 4.10% Senior Notes due 2022. The notes were issued at 99.877% ...

Can These Natural Gas Stocks Live Off Oil Until 2015?


Netanyahu Sees Israel Beating Developed Economies Amid Iran Nuclear Threat


Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP Files Class Action Suit Against CNOOC Limited
[Business Wire] - Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP today announced that a class action has been commenced in the United States District C

BP to Offload Gas Assets


Martin Midstream Partners Reports 2011 Fourth Quarter and Annual Financial Results
[GlobeNewswire] - KILGORE, Texas -- Martin Midstream Partners L.P. (the "Partnership") announced today its financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2011.

Emerging Unconventional Plays Move Forward


A Big Deal for This Big Dividend


Anadarko names new independent director


Cobalt International Energy, Inc. Closes Common Stock Offering
[Business Wire] - Cobalt International Energy, Inc. today announced the closing of the previously announced registered underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock.

Northern Oil Misses Despite Higher Production, Price


Fracking Rules to Include Safety Certification, Salazar Says


Carrizo Oil & Gas Whiffs on Revenues


TEXT-Fitch assigns Southwestern Energy initial rating of 'BBB-'


FieldPoint Petroleum Announces New Record Date for Warrant Dividend


FieldPoint Petroleum Announces New Record Date for Warrant Dividend
[PR Newswire] - AUSTIN, Texas, Feb. 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- FieldPoint Petroleum Corporation (AMEX:FPP - News) announced today that its Board of Directors has set a new record date for its previously announced warrant dividend ...

Cimarex Energy Targets The Permian Basin And Mid Continent In 2012


SM Energy Targets The Eagle Ford Shale In 2012


Statoil Makes High-Impact Find


Energy XXI, Ecopetrol Profit From Rising Oil Prices


[$$] Greece Invites Bids for Assets


Final Glance: Oil companies


Chevron Richmond refinery flaring continues -county


Exxon Mobil Petroleum Product Imports Rise 0.6% in Dec.


ConocoPhillips Petroleum Product Imports Fall 24% in Dec.


Chevron Petroleum Product Imports Fall 6.6% in Dec.


BP to Offload Gas Assets


UPDATE 1-US Cash Products-Gulf gasoline extends decline


Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. Announces Filing of Its Annual Report on Form 10-K
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. Announces Filing of Its Annual Report on Form 10-K Tulsa, OK - February 29, 2012 - Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. (NYSE: RRMS - News) has filed its form 10-K for the year ended December 31, ...

U.S. Distillate Imports by Company for Dec.


U.S. Motor Gasoline Imports by Company for Dec.


U.S. Gas Blending Component Imports by Company for Dec.


Midday Glance: Oil companies


Brazil judge denies injunction against Chevron


5 High Yield Oil Plays For The New Oil Age


10 ETFs to Hold On Iranian Nuclear Fears
[at TheStreet] - Five distinct interest groups say, "Bring it on!"

A Big Deal for This Big Dividend


Settlement Looming, It's Time To Get Into BP


Henrietta H. Fore Elected to ExxonMobil Board
[Business Wire] - Exxon Mobil Corporation announced today the election of Henrietta H. Fore to its board of directors. Ms. Fore is chairman and chief executive officer of Holsman Internat

Med Crude-Urals stable, Azeri eases


UPDATE 2-Transocean says may face $473 mln U.S. tax bill


MarkWest Energy Partners LP's CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - MarkWest Energy Partners LP's CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

CORR - SDRL - Mandatory Notification of Trade


CORR - SDRL - Mandatory notification of trade
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION INTO THE UNITED STATES, CANADA, AUSTRALIA OR JAPAN HAMILTON, Bermuda, Feb 29, 2012 - Seadrill Limited (the "Company" or "Seadrill") (NYSE: ...

Kodiak Oil & Gas Races Ahead


SDRL - Mandatory notification of trade
[Marketwire] - HAMILTON, BERMUDA-- -NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION INTO THE UNITED STATES,CANADA,AUSTRALIA OR JAPANSeadrill Limited today announced that Hemen Holding Limited , acompany which is ultimately ...

SDRL - Mandatory notification of trade
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION INTO THE UNITED STATES, CANADA, AUSTRALIA OR JAPAN HAMILTON, Bermuda, February 29, 2012 - Seadrill Limited (the "Company" or "Seadrill") ...

UPDATE 1-Transocean says may face $473 mln U.S. tax bill


EV Energy Partners Announces Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2011 Results, 2012 Guidance and Updated Hedge Positions
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - EV Energy Partners, L.P. today announced results for the full year and fourth quarter 2011 and the filing of its Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, EVEP ...

Brazil judge denies injunction against Chevron


Transocean says may face $473 mln U.S. tax bill


U.S. Rig Count Falls 13 Units


Northern Oil Misses Despite Higher Production, Price


Chevron Pleased With Brazil Court Rejection of Suspension


MarkWest Results Show a Mixed Bag


MarkWest Energy Partners Crushes Earnings Estimates


[$$] Joy Global Net Rises 39%; Acquisitions Aid Revenue


Kodiak Oil & Gas Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


Unit Corporation to Present at Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference
[Business Wire] - Unit Corporation announced today that it will participate at the Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference, which will be held March 4  7, 2012 in Orlando, Florida.

Is Bill Barrett A Peter Lynch Stock?


Northern Oil & Gas Inc Earnings: Two Straight Quarters of Profit Broken by a Loss


Bernankes Comments Stop a Winning Streak


Lufkin Industries 2.5M share offering priced at $79.25


Lufkin Industries Prices Public Offering of Common Stock
[PR Newswire] - LUFKIN, Texas, Feb. 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Lufkin Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ: LUFK - News) (the "Company") announced today that it has priced its public offering of 2,500,000 shares of common stock ...

Lufkin Industries Completes Acquisition of Zenith Oilfield Technology
[PR Newswire] - LUFKIN, Texas, Feb. 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Lufkin Industries, Inc. (Nasdaq: LUFK - News) announced today the closing of its previously announced acquisition of Zenith Oilfield Technology Ltd ("Zenith"), ...

Energy XXI, Ecopetrol Profit From Rising Oil Prices


UPDATE 1-Cal Dive loss widens on harsh winter in US Gulf


TETRA Technologies, Inc. Files Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2011
[PR Newswire] - THE WOODLANDS, Texas, Feb. 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- TETRA Technologies, Inc. (TETRA or the Company) (NYSE: TTI - News) has filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 with the United ...

Wall St snaps 4-day advance after Bernanke comments


Cal Dive Reports Fourth Quarter and Year End 2011 Results
[Business Wire] - Cal Dive International, Inc. reported a net loss for fiscal 2011 of $66.9 million, or $.73 per diluted share. This compares to a net loss of $315.8 million, or $3.47 per diluted share for fiscal 2010.

Wednesday 2/29 Insider Buying Report: SPN, ALV


Wall St snaps 4-day advance after Bernanke comments
[Reuters] - Stock index futures edged up on Wednesday after European banks absorbed more than half a trillion euros as part of an effort to stabilize the euro zone's financial system. The U.S. stock market is seen ...

Superior Energy Services, Inc. to Present at Raymond James Institutional Investors Conference
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, Feb. 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Superior Energy Services, Inc. (NYSE: SPN - News) today announced that David Dunlap, President and Chief Executive Officer, will present at 10:25 a.m. Eastern time on Tuesday, ...

US spot natgas slips for fourth day, weather weighs


[video] Wednesday 2/29 Insider Buying Report: SPN, ALV
[at Forbes] - Bargain hunters are wise to pay careful attention to insider buying, becausealthough there are [...]

Canadian Natural Gas Gains as Drilling Slowdown to Pare Output


Top Buys by Directors: Kinnear's $296.9K Bet on SPN


Dril-Quip Beats Consensus


Top 10 Energy Stocks: National Oilwell Varco


5-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: Newpark Resources


Baker Hughes Opens Unconventional Resources Research and Technology Center in Dhahran
[PR Newswire] - DHAHRAN, Saudi Arabia, Feb. 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- The Baker Hughes Dhahran Research and Technology Center opens its doors today with a focus on research and development of new technologies to unlock ...

[video] Wednesday 2/29 Insider Buying Report: AIG, CRR
[at Forbes] - Bargain hunters are wise to pay careful attention to insider buying, becausealthough there are [...]

Top 10 Energy Stocks: Schlumberger


Enbridge CEO Talks Pipeline Profits


[$$] Judge Declines to Stop El Paso-Kinder Morgan Deal


El Paso Investors Lose Bid to Stop Kinder Morgans $21.1 Billion Takeover


Tesoro Logistics LP Files 2011 Form 10-K
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - SAN ANTONIO, TX, -- On February 29, 2012, Tesoro Logistics LP (NYSE: TLLP - News) filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011. ...

Copano Energy to Participate in the Morgan Stanley MLP and Diversified Natural Gas Corporate Access Event
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, Feb. 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Copano Energy, L.L.C. (NASDAQ: CPNO - News) announced today that R. Bruce Northcutt, its President and Chief Executive Officer, and Carl Luna, its Senior Vice President ...

Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. Announces Filing of Its Annual Report on Form 10-K
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. Announces Filing of Its Annual Report on Form 10-K Tulsa, OK - February 29, 2012 - Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. (NYSE: RRMS - News) has filed its form 10-K for the year ended December 31, ...

Missouri Public Service Commission Approves Southern Union/Energy Transfer Merger
[Business Wire] - Southern Union Company and Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. announced today that the Missouri Public Service Commission has issued an order finding that, s

A Closer Look At Regency Energy Partners' 2011 Distributable Cash Flow


Blackwater Georgia, L.L.C. Announces Tank Expansion Project at Its Brunswick, Georgia Terminal


Genesis Energy, L.P. Files Form 10-K
[Business Wire] - Genesis Energy, L.P. today announced that it has filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

SemGroup reports 4Q profit on lower costs


MarkWest Results Show a Mixed Bag


[video] Oversupply of Oil Coming Soon?


How the Wheels Came Off DCP Midstream Partners' Bus


How To Profit From Rising Gas Prices


Goldman adds Williams to conviction buy list


Did Energy Transfer Partners Squander Its Latest Sales Increase?


Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. Reports Fourth Quarter and Year End 2011 Results
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. Reports Fourth Quarter and Year End 2011 ResultsCushing Tank Expansion Ahead of Schedule Tulsa, OK - February 29, 2012 - Rose Rock Midstream, L.P. (NYSE: RRMS - News) today announced ...

A Closer Look At Energy Transfer Partners' 2011 Distributable Cash Flow


Spectra Energy Partners, LP Files 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, Feb. 28, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Spectra Energy Partners, LP (NYSE: SEP - News) today announced it has filed the partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, with the Securities ...

Targa Resources Corp. and Targa Resources Partners Announce Form 10-K's Available
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Targa Resources Corp. ("TRC" or the "Company") and Targa Resources Partners LP ("Targa Resources Partners" or the "Partnership") have filed their respective ...

UPDATE 1-CVR: Full pipeline forced refinery run cuts


[$$] YPF Shares Fall on Takeover Fears


Los Angeles Gasoline Falls to Two-Week Low on Unit Startups


U.S. Was Net Oil-Product Exporter in 2011


UPDATE 1-US Cash Products-Gulf gasoline extends decline


U.S. Crude Oil Imports by Company for Dec.


Overseas turmoil hits Repsol's earnings
[at Financial Times] - Revolution in Libya and labour strikes in Argentina drove down earnings at Repsol (NYSE:REPYY.PK - News) last year as the Spanish oil group endured one of the most turbulent periods in its recent history.

Bernstein Liebhard LLP Announces Investigation of CVR Energy, Inc.
[PR Newswire] - NEW YORK, Feb. 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Bernstein Liebhard LLP is investigating whether the Board of Directors of CVR Energy, Inc. ("CVR Energy" or the "Company") (NYSE: CVI - News) is breaching ...

US Cash Products-Gulf gasoline extends decline


Crosstex Energy Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


How the Wheels Came Off HollyFrontier's Bus


STXNEWS LATAM-Argentine regulator declares YPF meeting void


YPF tumbles ahead of tomorrow's State of the Union address in Argentina


[$$] Lower Libya Production Weighs on Repsol


Buy CVR Energy At Dips To $27


ALJ Makes Bullish Cross Above Critical Moving Average


Universal Bioenergy Forecasts Strong Sales and Earnings From Whitesburg Coal Mine in 2012


The Gory Details of Western Refining's Earnings Miss


Is Tesoro Slowing Down?


STXNEWS LATAM-Argentina's YPF sinks again on gov't tension


1 Thing Worth Watching at Valero Energy


Western Refining Ups Y/Y


Don't Ride The Consensus With Refiners Like HollyFrontier


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.674
[3.65, 3.65, 3.69, 3.69, 3.69]

Indianapolis
3.738
[3.69, 3.69, 3.77, 3.77, 3.77]

USA Average
3.69

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
107.07

Brent Prices
122.66

