This file created: May-04 16:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Jobs lost to recession trickle back, but wages lag
WASHINGTON (AP)  U.S. job growth slumped in April for a second straight month. It suggested an economy that is growing steadily but still sluggishly, which could tighten the presidential race.

US, China forge tentative deal on Chinese activist
BEIJING (AP)  With a series of quickly choreographed steps, the U.S. and China outlined a tentative deal Friday to send a blind legal activist to America for study and potentially bring a face-saving end to a delicate diplomatic crisis.

THE RACE: Hiring slowdown could vex Obama plans
The economy isn't cooperating with President Barack Obama's re-election schedule.

Breast cancer is rare in men, but they fare worse
CHICAGO (AP)  Men rarely get breast cancer, but those who do often don't survive as long as women, largely because they don't even realize they can get it and are slow to recognize the warning signs, researchers say.

Syrian forces kill teen in Aleppo protests
BEIRUT (AP)  Syrian forces fired on thousands of protesters Friday in Aleppo, killing a teenager, after a raid on dormitories at the city's main university killed four students and enflamed tensions in a key bastion of support for the regime.

Leaders fall in Europe crisis: Sarkozy next?
MADRID (AP)  French President Nicolas Sarkozy is widely expected to be kicked out of office in elections Sunday. If he goes, he'll be in good company: Almost every crisis-hit European country that has held an election since disaster struck in 2009 has thrown out its leader.

Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys dies at 47
NEW YORK (AP)  Adam Yauch, the gravelly voiced Beastie Boys rapper and the most conscientious member of the seminal hip-hop group, has died. He was 47.

Nurse in Afghanistan dies in Skype chat with wife
HOUSTON (AP)  The wife of an Army officer serving in Afghanistan witnessed her husband's death as the two video chatted via Skype, his family said Friday.

Heiress concerned Edwards used her for her money
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP)  The 101-year-old heiress whose money helped hide John Edwards' pregnant mistress said the presidential candidate should have used his own money for the cover up, her friend testified Friday.

Buckner ball sells for $418,250
DALLAS (AP)  The baseball that rolled through the legs of Boston Red Sox first baseman Bill Buckner in the 1986 World Series has been sold at auction for $418,250.

3 convicted, 6 acquitted in sex trafficking case
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP)  A Tennessee federal jury split its verdict Friday against nine people accused of operating a sex trafficking ring run mostly by Somali refugee gang members, convicting three men and acquitting six.

'The Bishop' convicted of sending dud pipe bombs
CHICAGO (AP)  A former Iowa letter carrier was found guilty Friday of sending dud pipe bombs to investment advisers, along with threatening letters signed "The Bishop," in a scheme to boost the value of shares he owned in two companies.

US revamps student work-visa program after abuses
JACKSON, Miss. (AP)  The State Department announced major changes Friday to one of its premier cultural-exchange programs following an investigation by The Associated Press that found widespread abuses.

US, China forge tentative deal on Chinese activist
BEIJING (AP)  With a series of quickly choreographed steps, the U.S. and China outlined a tentative deal Friday to send a blind legal activist to America for study and potentially bring a face-saving end to a delicate diplomatic crisis.

48 Pa. transit workers still on job after jackpot
PHILADELPHIA (AP)  Four dozen Philadelphia transit agency workers who won a $172 million Powerball drawing are all still working and don't intend to change much about their lives despite becoming millionaires.

Heiress concerned Edwards used her for her money
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP)  The 101-year-old heiress whose money helped hide John Edwards' pregnant mistress said the presidential candidate should have used his own money for the cover up, her friend testified Friday.

Chaplain: Seau's brain to be donated for research
SAN DIEGO (AP)  Junior Seau's brain will be donated by his family for research into football-related head injuries.

Panetta: Troop scandals hurt US Afghan mission
WASHINGTON (AP)  Defense Secretary Leon Panetta is warning troops that it takes just seconds for misconduct to make headlines and fuel the enemy in Afghanistan.

Neb. AG: City ordinances protecting gays illegal
OMAHA, Neb. (AP)  Nebraska cities can't adopt ordinances protecting people from discrimination for being gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender because the state's anti-discrimination laws don't extend to sexual orientation, the state attorney general's office said in a legal opinion issued Friday.

Ohio surviving exotic animals back on farm
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP)  An Ohio zoo on Friday returned five surviving exotic animals to a woman whose husband released dozens of wild creatures last fall before he committed suicide.

US, China forge tentative deal on Chinese activist
BEIJING (AP)  With a series of quickly choreographed steps, the U.S. and China outlined a tentative deal Friday to send a blind legal activist to America for study and potentially bring a face-saving end to a delicate diplomatic crisis.

New French accusations: Strauss-Kahn in Washington
PARIS (AP)  French investigators are studying accusations that Dominique Strauss-Kahn may have been involved in a rape during a sex party in a Washington hotel in 2010 while he was chief of the International Monetary Fund, a judicial official said Friday.

Suicide bombing in Pakistani market kills 20
KHAR, Pakistan (AP)  A teenager blew himself up near a Pakistani market close to the Afghan border Friday, killing 20 people, officials said. The suicide bombing came a day after the U.S. released letters seized from Osama bin Laden's compound that criticized Pakistani militants for killing too many civilians.

Egyptian troops, protesters clash in Cairo
CAIRO (AP)  Egyptian armed forces and protesters clashed Friday in Cairo, with troops firing water cannons and tear gas at demonstrators who threw stones as they tried to march on the Defense Ministry, a flashpoint for a new cycle of violence only weeks ahead of presidential elections.

Ex-media mogul Conrad Black back in Canada
TORONTO (AP)  Former media mogul Conrad Black arrived at his sprawling Toronto estate on Friday just hours after being released from U.S prison.

Woman in Secret Service case calls agents 'fools'
BOGOTA, Colombia (AP)  A woman who says she was the prostitute who triggered the U.S. Secret Service scandal in Colombia said Friday that the agents involved were "idiots" for letting it happen, and declared that if she were a spy and sensitive information was available, she could have easily obtained it.

Syrian forces kill teen in Aleppo protests
BEIRUT (AP)  Syrian forces fired on thousands of protesters Friday in Aleppo, killing a teenager, after a raid on dormitories at the city's main university killed four students and enflamed tensions in a key bastion of support for the regime.

Affirmative action backed in largely black Brazil
SAO PAULO (AP)  Brazil's top court has backed sweeping affirmative action programs used in more than 1,000 universities across this nation, which has more blacks than any country outside Africa yet where a severe gap in education equality between races persists.

Leaders fall in Europe crisis: Sarkozy next?
MADRID (AP)  French President Nicolas Sarkozy is widely expected to be kicked out of office in elections Sunday. If he goes, he'll be in good company: Almost every crisis-hit European country that has held an election since disaster struck in 2009 has thrown out its leader.

Sept 11 case returns to Guantanamo tribunal
GUANTANAMO BAY NAVAL BASE, Cuba (AP)  Five men accused of orchestrating the Sept. 11 attacks, including the self-proclaimed mastermind, are headed back to a military tribunal at Guantanamo Bay on Saturday, more than three years after President Barack Obama put the case on hold in a failed effort to move the proceedings to a civilian court and close the prison at the U.S. base in Cuba.

Romney: Regular people teach him about struggles
PITTSBURGH (AP)  Mitt Romney says he learns about what it's like to struggle in a difficult economy by sitting down and chatting with regular people. But the Republican presidential candidate doesn't want anybody to see it  and his campaign won't say who he meets with or when the meetings occur.

THE RACE: Hiring slowdown could vex Obama plans
The economy isn't cooperating with President Barack Obama's re-election schedule.

Lugar challenger relies on years of party loyalty
INDIANAPOLIS (AP)  For roughly two decades, Indiana Treasurer Richard Mourdock toiled in the trenches of the state Republican Party, losing more races than he won. But along the way he made a name for himself among GOP loyalists, tirelessly working the fundraising circuit and building a strong network of ground-level support.

Lugar challenger relies on years of party loyalty
INDIANAPOLIS (AP)  For roughly two decades, Indiana Treasurer Richard Mourdock toiled in the trenches of the state Republican Party, losing more races than he won. But along the way he made a name for himself among GOP loyalists, tirelessly working the fundraising circuit and building a strong network of ground-level support.

Romney says he wanted gay spokesman to stay on job
PITTSBURGH (AP)  Walking a careful line, Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney said Friday he had wanted an openly gay spokesman who resigned from his campaign this week to stay on. Hours later, he worked to court the party's conservative wing by meeting with former rival Rick Santorum.

Romney targets 4 percent unemployment
WASHINGTON (AP)  Jostling for an advantage on the economy, Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney on Friday set a target of 4 percent for the nation's unemployment rate, while President Barack Obama proclaimed it "good news" that the U.S. economy is consistently adding jobs.

Romney and Santorum meet in Pittsburgh
PITTSBURGH (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney has met with former rival Rick Santorum.

Virginia profile rises in presidential contest
PORTSMOUTH, Va. (AP)  Move over Ohio and Florida. Virginia is becoming the hottest new battleground in this year's race for the White House.

Romney criticizes Obama administration over Chen
PORTSMOUTH, Va. (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney said Thursday the Obama administration had "failed" to protect a blind Chinese dissident by factoring political considerations into the negotiations that ultimately led him to leave the U.S. Embassy in Beijing. The White House said the president wasn't concerned about the politics of the case.

White House is silent on fate of Chinese activist
WASHINGTON (AP)  The White House is sidestepping questions about how the U.S. might resolve the predicament surrounding a blind Chinese activist who sought refuge in the American embassy and who no longer wants to remain China.

New French accusations: Strauss-Kahn in Washington
PARIS (AP)  French investigators are studying accusations that Dominique Strauss-Kahn may have been involved in a rape during a sex party in a Washington hotel in 2010 while he was chief of the International Monetary Fund, a judicial official said Friday.

Jobs lost to recession trickle back, but wages lag
WASHINGTON (AP)  U.S. job growth slumped in April for a second straight month. It suggested an economy that is growing steadily but still sluggishly, which could tighten the presidential race.

Yahoo CEO faces calls for ouster after inaccuracy
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson faces calls for his ouster after just four months leading the troubled Internet company because of inaccuracies with his academic credentials.

US stocks sink after weak April jobs report
NEW YORK (AP)  News that hiring in the U.S. slowed last month sent stocks diving Friday.

Oil drops below $100 first time since February
NEW YORK (AP)  The price of oil dropped below $100 per barrel for the first time since February. The dramatic drop  $5 per barrel by midday  is easing fears that high energy prices would cripple a U.S. economy that is struggling to overcome high unemployment, stagnant wages and weak growth.

Debt, not market, drove plane maker to bankruptcy
WICHITA, Kan. (AP)  Economic turbulence has shrunk the market for business jets and is causing an especially bumpy ride for Hawker Beechcraft.

After foreign haul, 'Battleship' faces choppy seas
LOS ANGELES (AP)  "Battleship," the first in a string of movies based on Hasbro board games, has survived an armada of tomato-throwing critics and chugged to $170 million in ticket sales overseas.

TransCanada reapplies for oil pipeline
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Canadian company trying to build the disputed Keystone XL pipeline in the U.S. submitted a new application for the project Friday after changing the route to avoid environmentally sensitive land in Nebraska.

Tilly's shares rise after IPO
NEW YORK (AP)  Shares of Tilly's Inc. rose Friday above their offered price in the clothing retailer's debut on the New York Stock Exchange.

California pension fund sues Wal-Mart leaders
NEW YORK (AP)  One of the nation's largest public pension funds has filed a lawsuit against current and former Wal-Mart executives and board members, saying they had breached their responsibility in handling an alleged bribery scheme.

Yahoo CEO faces calls for ouster after inaccuracy
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson faces calls for his ouster after just four months leading the troubled Internet company because of inaccuracies with his academic credentials.

Experts unlike ruling in Facebook speech case
NORFOLK, Va. (AP)  The "like" button on Facebook seems like a relatively clear way to express your support for something, but a federal judge says that doesn't mean clicking it is constitutionally protected speech.

Facebook valued at up to $95B in IPO price range
NEW YORK (AP)  Facebook, the company that turned the social Web into a cultural and business phenomenon, is worth as much as $95 billion, according to the price range for its upcoming initial public offering of stock.

Yahoo confirms misleading info on new CEO's resume
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  A disgruntled Yahoo shareholder questioned the qualifications and integrity of recently hired CEO Scott Thompson after exposing a misrepresentation about the executive's education.

LinkedIn to buy SlideShare as 1Q beats Street
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (AP)  LinkedIn Corp. said Thursday that its first-quarter profit more than doubled, and the business networking company is buying presentation sharing website SlideShare for $118.8 million.

New rage keeps Somali boys off street: video games
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP)  Inside a hot, cramped room in the Somali capital, 10 sweating children sat on wooden desks, not unlike those found in schools. These boys, though, were not in class. They were staring at a small TV and tightly gripping video-game controllers.

Samsung reveals new flagship Galaxy smartphone
NEW YORK (AP)  Samsung Electronics Co.'s latest Galaxy phone will have a high-definition touch screen that's nearly twice the size of the iPhone, while being thinner and lighter than Apple's phone.

EU official: ACTA unlikely to become law
BRUSSELS (AP)  An EU official says an international treaty that has been the subject of large protests by people fearing it would impinge on Internet freedom is unlikely to gain approval.

Possible jury impasse looms in Oracle-Google trial
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  A federal court jury is having a difficult time reaching a verdict in a complex copyright infringement trial pitting Oracle against Google.

Shares of BlackBerry maker hit eight-year low
TORONTO (AP)  Shares of Research in Motion Ltd. hit an eight-year low Thursday and have fallen more than 15 percent in the past three days, after the company unveiled a prototype BlackBerry with new software.

Breast cancer is rare in men, but they fare worse
CHICAGO (AP)  Men rarely get breast cancer, but those who do often don't survive as long as women, largely because they don't even realize they can get it and are slow to recognize the warning signs, researchers say.

Look! Up in the sky! It's Supermoon! Due Saturday
NEW YORK (AP)  The biggest and brightest full moon of the year arrives Saturday night as our celestial neighbor passes closer to Earth than usual.

As Japan shuts down nuclear power, emissions rise
TOKYO (AP)  The Fukushima crisis is eroding years of Japanese efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions blamed for global warming, as power plants running on oil and natural gas fill the electricity gap left by now-shuttered nuclear reactors.

What killed Lenin? Stress didn't help, poison eyed
BALTIMORE (AP)  A doctor says stress, family medical history or possibly even poison led to the death of Vladimir Lenin, contradicting a popular theory that a sexually-transmitted disease debilitated the former Soviet Union leader.

French court gives 5-year sentence in terror plot
PARIS (AP)  A French court sentenced an Algerian-born nuclear physicist to five years in prison Friday for his role in plotting terrorism with al-Qaida's north African wing.

NOAA sought magician, now wants plans to disappear
WASHINGTON (AP)  A federal agency needs illusionist David Copperfield to help escape from criticism over now-canceled plans to hire a speaker to train agency leaders using "magic tools."

Researchers say they have new clue to Lost Colony
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (AP)  A new look at a 425-year-old map has yielded a tantalizing clue about the fate of the Lost Colony, the settlers who disappeared from North Carolina's Roanoke Island in the late 16th century.

Scientists use airship to look for meteorites
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP)  A group of scientists took to the skies in a slow-moving airship Thursday in search of meteorites that rained over California's gold country last month.

Goodbye La Nina: Will drought, hurricanes also go?
WASHINGTON (AP)  The La Nina weather phenomenon is over. Forecasters say that's good news for the drought in the South and hurricane areas along the coasts.

First of 2 papers on lab-made bird flu published
NEW YORK (AP)  Four months ago the U.S. government sought to block publication of two studies about how scientists created an easily spread form of bird flu. Now a revised version of one paper is seeing the light of day with the government's blessing.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Another way to play the Bakken formation


1 More Competitor in the LNG Market


Chesapeake: A Classic Buy Low, Sell High?


Chesapeake: Ghosts Of Energy Companies Past?


Canadian Natural Resources Misses Where It Counts


Denbury Resources Beats on Both Top and Bottom Lines


American Energy Development Provides Drilling Update-2 on Cremer 1-1


Why You Must Watch ConocoPhillips


Southwestern Misses, Profit Falls


WPX Energy Exec Insights: NGL, Acreage


Anadarko Ready To Break $89 On Strong Assets In 2013


Southwestern Energy shares drop after weak 1Q


1 Stock to Play a Natural Gas Rebound


Plains Misses Quarterly Estimates


Plains Exploration And Continental Resources By The Numbers


Post Earnings: 5 Energy Stocks Buzz Among Traders


Oil Supply, Demand Outlook Remains Favorable For Producers


UPDATE 1-Low natgas prices drive US rig count to new 10-yr low


Ensco pays to clear legs of rig sunk in 2008 storm


Denbury Resources Exec Insights: Acquisition, Heidelberg


Ultra Petroleum Tops, Rev Lags


1 More Competitor in the LNG Market


Phillips 66 Offers Opportunity After Spin


Why You Must Watch ConocoPhillips


UPDATE 1-Petrobras March output falls on repairs, shutdown


Midday Glance: Oil companies


Toronto energy group hit after soft U.S. jobs data


Potential Japanese Pipeline Deal Creates Catalyst Opportunity For Gazprom


Fill Up the Gas, Check the Dividend Yield: 3%-ish at Exxon and Chevron, and Rising


A Great Energy Stock Gets Better


BP's 4.4% Dividend Yield: Enough to Bet on Low Legal Costs, Profit Growth?


UPDATE 1-Rosneft sees no impact on gas plans from tax rise


Gasoline Declines Below $3 a Gallon on Concern Recovery Slowing


Investors are Pissed About McClendons HUGE Risk


Petrobras Drops as Chevron Halt Worsens Output Slump: Rio Mover


Petrobras March output falls on repairs, shutdown


Chevron, Other Oil And Gas Stocks Could Take $18 Billion Hit From Legal Battles


Romania vows moratorium on shale gas extraction


A Better Bet Than BP or Shell?


Royal Dutch Shell plc: Director Declaration


Feds collect reaction to oil shale development


Early Glance: Oil companies


Kodiak Oil & Gas Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


5 Oil Stocks That Could Revisit October Market Lows


Legacy Reserves' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Legacy Reserves' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Ensco pays to clear legs of rig sunk in 2008 storm


[video] Friday 5/4 Insider Buying Report: NBR, OSK


What's Next for Samson Oil?


Small Business Focus; Books or Coffee?
[at Forbes] - For small businesses cash is king. Sometimes the corporate model forgets to consider who really drives cash flow, the customer, and this customer focus is where small businesses can really profit.

Cheniere posts wider loss on terminal construction


Noble Corporation To Present At The Susquehanna 2012 Energy & Resources Conference
[PR Newswire] - ZUG, Switzerland, May 4, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Corporation (NE) today announced that Jeffrey L. Chastain, Vice President  Investor Relations, Noble Drilling Services Inc., will present at the ...

Enerplus Corp Shares Enter Oversold Territory


Friday 5/4 Insider Buying Report: NBR, OSK


This Drilling Stock Is Recovering


The Next Promising Bakken Player


Energy stocks dip on weak jobs report


1 Deepwater Drilling Stock You Must Consider


1 Big Energy Issue Investors Should Watch For


Cheniere Energy Partners Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, May 4, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- For the quarter ended March 31, 2012, Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. ("Cheniere Partners") (CQP) reported a net loss of $19.3 million compared ...

Cheniere Energy Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, May 4, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Cheniere Energy, Inc. ("Cheniere") (LNG) reported a net loss of $56.4 million, or $0.43 per share (basic and diluted), for the quarter ended March ...

5 Commodity Stocks Moving On News


Penn West Exploration Announces its Financial Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2012
[PR Newswire] - CALGARY, Alberta, May 4, 2012 /PRNewswire/ --PENN WEST PETROLEUM LTD. (PWT.TO) (PWE)("PENN WEST") is pleased to announce its results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2012Our corporate ...

Ensco upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Pritchard


Unit Corporation Reports Q1'12 Results: All 3 Segments Focused On Oil And Liquids Growth


Why Weatherford Might Still Be A Takeover Target


Weekly US oil, gas rig count up by 20 to 1,965


FTI Stock Crowded With Sellers


Unconventional Drilling Energizes Investment Opportunities


RPC Ex-Dividend Reminder


Is Heckmann the Perfect Stock?


Dawson Geophysical Company Stock Upgraded (DWSN)


Tesco Corporation Reports Q1 2012 Results


Tesco Corporation Reports Q1 2012 Results
[PR Newswire] - Trading Symbol:"TESO" on NASDAQHOUSTON, May 3, 2012 /PRNewswire/ - Tesco Corporation ("TESCO" or the "Company") today reported net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, ...

Energy XXI (Bermuda) Limited's CEO Discusses Q3 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Energy XXI (Bermuda) Limited's CEO Discusses Q3 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Baker Hughes Extends Exchange Offer for Senior Notes Due 2021
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, May 3, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) announced today that it has extended the expiration date of its offer to exchange up to $750 million aggregate principal amount ...

[$$] Oil-Spill Trial Set for January


BP succeeds in delaying damages trial
[at Financial Times] - BP has succeeded in its attempt to delay a trial over damages arising from the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, overcoming objections from the US federal government and gulf coast ...

KBR will not privatise frontline police roles
[at Financial Times] - The UK head of a major US military construction company that is bidding to run a 1.5bn contract for West Midlands and Surrey Police says he has "no interest" in privatising the roles of frontline ...

BP wins delay of Gulf spill trial until 2013
[Reuters] - A trial to assign blame and damages that could total tens of billions of dollars for the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill has been put off until January, in a setback for the U.S. government, which wanted ...

BP wins delay of Gulf spill trial until 2013


BP Gulf Spill Judge Orders Jan. 14 Trial on U.S. Claims


NOV Crosses Critical Technical Indicator


Ex-BP Worker Pleads Not Guilty to Destroying Spill-Size Evidence


Is Kinder Morgan Energy Partners the Best Way to Play the Natural Gas Boom?


How The Wheels Came Off Buckeye Partners' Bus


Spectra Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Spectra Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Buckeye Partners 1Q profit drops 22 percent


How High Can El Paso Fly?


A Fantastic Acquisition in Oil Storage and Transportation


UPDATE 1-Buckeye to build 1.2 mln bbls crude storage at Borco


Is Kinder Morgan Energy Partners the Best Way to Play the Natural Gas Boom?


TEXT-Fitch affirms Western Gas Partners


Holly Energy Partners LP Stock Getting Very Oversold


Buckeye to build 1.2 mln bbls crude storage at Borco


El Paso Pipeline Partners Whiffs on Earnings


Spectra Energy 1Q earnings slide 7 percent


Cheniere Energy Partners Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, May 4, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- For the quarter ended March 31, 2012, Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. ("Cheniere Partners") (CQP) reported a net loss of $19.3 million compared ...

TransMontaigne Partners L.P. Announces Filing of Its Annual Report
[Business Wire] - TransMontaigne Partners L.P. today announced that its complete Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2011, including audited financial statements, was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K/A, Amendment No.

Spectra Energy Partners Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, May 4, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) today reported first quarter 2012 cash available for distribution of $66.2 million, compared with $58.8 million in the prior-year ...

Buckeye Partners, L.P. Reports 2012 First Quarter Earnings Results and Declares Cash Distribution
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Buckeye Partners, L.P. ("Buckeye") today reported net income attributable to Buckeye's unitholders for the first quarter of 2012 of $52.0 million, or $0.54 per diluted unit, compared ...

UPDATE 1-Spectra Energy posts lower 1st-qtr profit


Spectra Energy Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, May 4, 2012 /PRNewswire/ --Reported net income from controlling interests of $333 million, $0.51 earnings per share (EPS), compared with $357 million, $0.55 EPS, in the prior year quarter.First ...

Western Gas Partners Beats on Revenue, Matches Expectations on EPS


Reminder -- Buckeye Partners, L.P. to Release Earnings and Hold Conference Call for 2012 First Quarter Results
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Buckeye Partners, L.P. ("Buckeye") plans to release its 2012 first quarter earnings on May 4, 2012. Interested parties are invited to listen to the scheduled webcast of the conference ...

El Paso Corp. 1Q profit rises 39 pct


The Worst-Performing Energy Stocks This Week


[$$] Crude Plunges Below $100


Phillips 66 Offers Opportunity After Spin


Earnings: How the oil refiners are faring


UPDATE 1-Marathon to shut Catlettsburg refinery SRU-regulator


Murphy Oil Exec Insights: Workover Issues, Production


Marathon to shut Catlettsburg refinery SRU-regulator


US Cash Crude-Wider arbitrage keeps premiums climbing


Refineries May Dictate Crude Oil Prices in the Future


Western Refining Beats on Both Top and Bottom Lines


Alon USA restarts three refineries in April, May


World Fuel Services Corporation to Present at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Transportation Conference
[Business Wire] - World Fuel Services Corporation announced that Michael J. Kasbar, World Fuels president and chief executive officer and Ira M. Birns, World Fuels executive vice presid

Longwei Petroleum Announces Conference Call to Discuss Third Quarter Fiscal 2012 Financial Results
[PR Newswire] - TAIYUAN CITY, China, May 4, 2012 /PRNewswire-Asia-FirstCall/ -- Longwei Petroleum Investment Holding Ltd. (LPH) ("Longwei" or the "Company"), an energy company engaged in ...

Universal Bioenergy Forecasts Earnings of $9 Million From Major Gas Storage Deal and New Profit Centers
[GlobeNewswire] - IRVINE, Calif. -- Universal Bioenergy Inc., (UBRG.PK - News), a publicly traded independent diversified energy company, that markets and distributes natural gas, propane, petroleum and coal, announced ...

Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical Files Form 20-F
[PR Newswire] - NEW YORK, May 4, 2012 /PRNewswire-Asia/ -- Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical Company Limited (the "Company") (HKEx: 338; SSE: 600688; NYSE: SHI) announced today that its Form 20-F for the fiscal ...

[$$] Argentine Lawmakers Pass YPF Takeover


Argentine Parliament Votes To Nationalize YPF


Alon USA Reports First Quarter Results
[PR Newswire] - DALLAS, May 3, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Alon USA Energy, Inc. (ALJ) ("Alon") today announced results for the first quarter of 2012. Net loss for the first quarter of 2012 was $29.4 million, ...

Analysis: Delta deal raises ghosts that haunt refinery profits
[Reuters] - Delta Air Lines' extraordinary deal to rescue a Philadelphia-area refinery just weeks from being shuttered may give the unusual coterie of suitors eyeing Atlantic Basin plants a harsh lesson in the cyclical ...

Murphy Oil's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Murphy Oil's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Syntroleum's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Syntroleum's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.758
[3.69, 3.73, 3.79, 3.79, 3.79]

Indianapolis
3.79
[3.73, 3.79, 3.79, 3.81, 3.83]

USA Average
3.8

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
98.47

Brent Prices
113.18

