This file created: March-06 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Romney, Gingrich score Super Tuesday victories
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney rolled to primary victories in Virginia and Vermont and had a home-state, Massachusetts triumph in his pocket on Super Tuesday, reaching for a decisive advantage in the most turbulent race for the Republican presidential nomination in a generation.

Santorum draws conservatives in Ohio GOP contest
WASHINGTON (AP)  Rick Santorum was drawing strong support Tuesday from the most conservative voters in Ohio's Republican presidential primary, according to early results of an exit poll of voters. But despite targeting the state's blue-collar voters, they were giving him only a slender lead over rival Mitt Romney, the survey was showing.

Obama: Time has come to wind down Afghan war
WASHINGTON (AP)  Amid fresh concerns over the safety of American forces, President Barack Obama on Tuesday said the accidental burning of Qurans in Afghanistan and the retaliatory killings of U.S. troops gave new credence to the need to end the war.

Diplomacy, not war: New Iran nuclear talks seen
WASHINGTON (AP)  Alarmed by rising talk of war, the United States, Europe and other world powers announced Tuesday that bargaining will begin again with Iran over its fiercely disputed nuclear efforts. Tehran, for its part, invited inspectors to see a site suspected of secret atomic weapons work.

$7B swindle may keep Stanford behind bars for life
HOUSTON (AP)  Texas tycoon R. Allen Stanford spent more than 20 years charming investors, who handed him billions of dollars they had spent their lives accumulating through hard work and saving.

Hackers busted after one becomes FBI informant
NEW YORK (AP)  The shadowy underworld of Internet hackers was rocked by news Tuesday that one of the world's most-wanted and most-feared computer vandals has been an FBI informant for months and helped authorities build a case against five alleged comrades.

Special Forces soldier dies trying to save NC kids
HOPE MILLS, N.C. (AP)  A decorated Green Beret leapt from the second-story of his burning home early Tuesday, wrapped himself in a blanket and ran back inside in an attempt to save his two young daughters.

Twin sisters, 73, found dead together in CA home
When they were young, Patricia and Joan Miller sang and danced for Bing Crosby, troops and their friends.

Vets prone to drug addiction get risky painkillers
CHICAGO (AP)  Morphine and similar powerful painkillers are sometimes prescribed to recent war veterans suffering from post-traumatic stress along with physical pain, and the consequences can be tragic, a government study suggests.

Report: Colts, Manning breaking up
INDIANAPOLIS (AP)  The Peyton Manning era in Indianapolis is expected to end Wednesday, according to a report. Citing anonymous sources, ESPN reported Tuesday that the Colts plan to hold a news conference to announce the long-expected decision. Manning is expected to attend.

Romney, Gingrich score Super Tuesday victories
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney rolled to primary victories in Virginia and Vermont and had a home-state, Massachusetts triumph in his pocket on Super Tuesday, reaching for a decisive advantage in the most turbulent race for the Republican presidential nomination in a generation.

Obama: Time has come to wind down Afghan war
WASHINGTON (AP)  Amid fresh concerns over the safety of American forces, President Barack Obama on Tuesday said the accidental burning of Qurans in Afghanistan and the retaliatory killings of U.S. troops gave new credence to the need to end the war.

$7B swindle may keep Stanford behind bars for life
HOUSTON (AP)  Texas tycoon R. Allen Stanford spent more than 20 years charming investors, who handed him billions of dollars they had spent their lives accumulating through hard work and saving.

Special Forces soldier dies trying to save NC kids
HOPE MILLS, N.C. (AP)  A decorated Green Beret leapt from the second-story of his burning home early Tuesday, wrapped himself in a blanket and ran back inside in an attempt to save his two young daughters.

Twin sisters, 73, found dead together in CA home
When they were young, Patricia and Joan Miller sang and danced for Bing Crosby, troops and their friends.

Hackers busted after one becomes FBI informant
NEW YORK (AP)  The shadowy underworld of Internet hackers was rocked by news Tuesday that one of the world's most-wanted and most-feared computer vandals has been an FBI informant for months and helped authorities build a case against five alleged comrades.

Obama says nation needs changes in tax laws
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama is telling business leaders that the nation needs to reform its tax system to help the economy, saying the American people "instinctually understand" that the nation needs a balanced approach to solve its problems.

Rep. Donald Payne of New Jersey dies at age 77
NEWARK, N.J. (AP)  Days before U.S. Rep. Donald Payne died of cancer, it wasn't the phone calls of encouragement from presidents that cheered him. It was when a Washington hospital orderly recognized the New Jersey congressman as the only U.S. official to visit his village in the African nation of Eritrea.

Ohio school shooting case may go to adult court
CHARDON, Ohio (AP)  A 17-year-old boy charged in a school shooting rampage that left three students dead was told by a judge on Tuesday that the case could be sent to adult court for trial.

Democrats seek hearing into judge's Obama email
HELENA, Mont. (AP)  Two top Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee called for a hearing Tuesday to examine a Montana judge's conduct in forwarding an email that included a racist joke involving bestiality and President Barack Obama's mother.

Hackers busted after one becomes FBI informant
NEW YORK (AP)  The shadowy underworld of Internet hackers was rocked by news Tuesday that one of the world's most-wanted and most-feared computer vandals has been an FBI informant for months and helped authorities build a case against five alleged comrades.

Putin dismisses opposition protests
MOSCOW (AP)  Vladimir Putin rejected opposition protests against his presidential election victory and his foreign ministry ruled out any softening of Moscow's stance on Syria, strong indications Tuesday that the Russian leader has no intention of easing tough policies either at home or abroad.

US troops may go on trial over Afghanistan suicide
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP)  U.S. military investigators have recommended that four more American troops be court-martialed in connection with the suicide of their fellow infantryman who shot himself in a guard tower in southern Afghanistan, the U.S. military said Tuesday.

World powers agree Iran nuclear talks can resume
TEHRAN, Iran (AP)  Efforts to find a diplomatic solution to Iran's disputed nuclear program appeared to get a boost Tuesday when world powers agreed to a new round of talks with Tehran, and Iran gave permission for inspectors to visit a site suspected of secret atomic work.

'Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious' composer dies
LONDON (AP)  How do you sum up the work of songwriter Robert B. Sherman? Try one word: "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious."

Eastern Libya pulls away from central government
BENGHAZI, Libya (AP)  Tribal leaders and militia commanders declared oil-rich eastern Libya a semiautonomous state on Tuesday, a unilateral move that the interim head of state called a "dangerous" conspiracy by Arab nations to tear the country apart six months after the fall of Moammar Gadhafi.

To some working poor in India, home is parking lot
NEW DELHI (AP)  There is almost no movement in the pre-dawn cold, when the winter fog sits low over the old city and the only light comes from distant street lamps. The parking lot is silent, except for the occasional hacking cough.

Cuban culture minister out after 15 years
HAVANA (AP)  Cuban state media announced Tuesday that the government has replaced charismatic Culture Minister Abel Prieto, a well-known writer, professor and intellectual who has been in the role since 1997.

Prince Harry runs with Usain Bolt in Jamaica
KINGSTON, Jamaica (AP)  It wasn't much of a race, but then it really couldn't have been as the world's fastest man and Britain's Prince Harry met up on a track Tuesday in the Jamaican capital.

Britain says handshakes OK for its Olympians
LONDON (AP)  On the other hand ...

Romney, Gingrich score Super Tuesday victories
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney rolled to primary victories in Virginia and Vermont and had a home-state, Massachusetts triumph in his pocket on Super Tuesday, reaching for a decisive advantage in the most turbulent race for the Republican presidential nomination in a generation.

Super Tuesday voters assess pros and cons of field
COLUMBUS, OHIO (AP)  Voters at Super Tuesday precincts drew a composite sketch, of sorts, of the Republican candidate they'd most like to have to challenge President Barack Obama in the fall. He'd possess Mitt Romney's economic cred, Rick Santorum's heartfelt conservatism and Newt Gingrich's intellect.

Santorum draws conservatives in Ohio GOP contest
WASHINGTON (AP)  Early results of an exit poll of voters in Ohio's Republican presidential primary show Rick Santorum winning strong support from the most conservative voters, especially those focused on social issues like abortion.

Obama: Republicans display 'casualness' on war
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama says Republicans on the presidential campaign trail display casualness about war when they urge military action to halt Iran's nuclear ambitions.

Gingrich wins Georgia, predicts 3rd comeback
ATLANTA (AP)  Newt Gingrich won the Georgia primary Tuesday, ending a weeks-long drought in the Republican presidential race for the former House speaker who quickly tried to capitalize by looking to upcoming Southern primaries.

Paul urges supporters in Idaho to caucus for him
NAMPA, Idaho (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul on Tuesday urged voters in Idaho to caucus for him on the promise of a smaller federal government, $1 trillion in federal spending cuts and an administration dedicated to liberty.

Obama pushes back at critics on gas prices
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama is pushing back at some Republican critics who say he actually wants gas prices to increase.

Obama announces new housing initiatives
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Obama is announcing new mortgage relief for members of the military and veterans as well as homeowners with government-insured loans. The initiatives are the latest administration attempt to help borrowers struggling under a depressed housing market.

What's so super about Tuesday? 419 GOP delegates
WASHINGTON (AP)  It's the busiest day of the Republican race for president, but this Super Tuesday probably won't settle much.

Dow falls more than 200, interrupting 2012 rally
Stocks suffered their biggest losses in three months Tuesday, the first hiccup in a strong and steady rally to start the year. Wall Street worried about the global economy and waited while Greece pressured the last investors to sign on for its bailout.

New iPad expected to have modest upgrades
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple is expected to reveal a new iPad model on Wednesday, with a sharper screen and perhaps an option for faster wireless broadband. The upgrades are relatively minor, but the iPad is secure in its position as the king of tablets.

Gas price hikes end after 27 days; oil sinks
NEW YORK (AP)  Gasoline prices have finally dropped after 27 straight days of increases.

$7B swindle may keep Stanford behind bars for life
HOUSTON (AP)  Texas tycoon R. Allen Stanford spent more than 20 years charming investors, who handed him billions of dollars they had spent their lives accumulating through hard work and saving.

Obama: Time has come to wind down Afghan war
WASHINGTON (AP)  Amid fresh concerns over the safety of American forces, President Barack Obama on Tuesday said the accidental burning of Qurans in Afghanistan and the retaliatory killings of U.S. troops gave new credence to the need to end the war.

Congress approves punitive tariffs against China
WASHINGTON (AP)  Congress on Tuesday overturned a court decision and reaffirmed that the government has the right to impose higher tariffs on goods from China and other state-run economies that subsidize their exports to the United States.

Android Market checks out, Google Play moves in
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Google's digital marketplace for mobile applications, music, movies and books is unifying under a new name in an effort to spruce up the shopping experience.

Peres: Social media helps with peace process
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Israeli President Shimon Peres on Tuesday visited Facebook's California headquarters, where he blasted the Iranian government and said the social networking site is a way for people to bypass failed efforts of governments to seek peace.

iPad dispute signals new era in trademark troubles
SHANGHAI (AP)  iPotato, isock, icouch, istove, i-you-name-it. An Internet search for "i'' words from A to Z will turn up just about any combination you might think up, from all over the world, only a handful of them related to Apple Inc.

A Ritz hotel on Lehman sale list as it winds down
NEW YORK (AP)  The Ritz-Carlton Kapalua hotel in Hawaii, a luxury ski resort in the Rockies and a Manhattan boutique hotel are among the last holdings of Lehman Brothers, the investment house whose spectacular bust triggered the worst of the 2008 financial crisis.

New iPad expected to have modest upgrades
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple is expected to reveal a new iPad model on Wednesday, with a sharper screen and perhaps an option for faster wireless broadband. The upgrades are relatively minor, but the iPad is secure in its position as the king of tablets.

Android Market checks out, Google Play moves in
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Google's digital marketplace for mobile applications, music, movies and books is unifying under a new name in an effort to spruce up the shopping experience.

FBI: Irish misstep led to conference call leak
LONDON (AP)  An Irish police officer's email blunder led to the spectacular leak of a sensitive conference call between the FBI and Scotland Yard, U.S. law enforcement said Tuesday.

Hackers busted after one becomes FBI informant
NEW YORK (AP)  The shadowy underworld of Internet hackers was rocked by news Tuesday that one of the world's most-wanted and most-feared computer vandals has been an FBI informant for months and helped authorities build a case against five alleged comrades.

iPad dispute signals new era in trademark troubles
SHANGHAI (AP)  iPotato, isock, icouch, istove, i-you-name-it. An Internet search for "i'' words from A to Z will turn up just about any combination you might think up, from all over the world, only a handful of them related to Apple Inc.

Witness: Rutgers student saved roommate's tweets
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. (AP)  In the last two days of his life, Tyler Clementi visited his roommate's Twitter page 38 times and saved screen shots of two messages posted there. One proclaimed that the roommate saw Clementi "making out with a dude." The other "dared" friends to use a web chat program to watch later.

Peres: Social media helps with peace process
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Israeli President Shimon Peres on Tuesday visited Facebook's California headquarters, where he blasted the Iranian government and said the social networking site is a way for people to bypass failed efforts of governments to seek peace.

Verizon launches wireless broadband for homes
NEW YORK (AP)  Verizon Wireless on Tuesday announced a version of its wireless broadband service that's designed for use in rural and remote homes that can't get DSL or cable.

UK Internet providers lose copyright court battle
LONDON (AP)  The High Court has endorsed Britain's new copyright rules, siding with the music industry over Internet providers in a battle over online filesharing.

American Express, Twitter team up on retail deals
BOSTON (AP)  American Express card holders can use the Twitter online messaging service to get exclusive discounts and other deals from more than a dozen retailers under a partnership announced Tuesday.

Warm winter may bring pest-filled spring
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP)  The mild winter that has given many Northern farmers a break from shoveling and a welcome chance to catch up on maintenance could lead to a tough spring as many pests that would normally freeze have not.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Provident Announces Record Fourth Quarter, Record 2011 Annual Results, Updated Hedging Position and the March Cash Dividend


Provident Announces Record Fourth Quarter, Record 2011 Annual Results, Updated Hedging Position and the March Cash Dividend


ATP Oil & Gas Increases Term Financing to $155 Million


Mid-Con Energy Partners, LP Announces Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2011 Results, 2011 Year End Proved Reserves, 2012 Outlook and Updated Hedge Positions
[GlobeNewswire] - DALLAS -- Mid-Con Energy Partners, LP ("Mid-Con Energy") announced today its preliminary financial and operating results for the full year and quarter ended December 31, 2011.

Panic Presents A Buying Opportunity In Sandridge Energy


Berry Petroleum Announces Pricing of $600 Million of 6% Senior Notes Due 2022
[Business Wire] - Berry Petroleum Company announced today that it has priced an underwritten public offering of $600 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2022 , which will bear interest at a rate of 6% per year.

Izard Nobel LLP Announces Class Action Lawsuit Against CNOOC Limited
[Marketwire] - WEST HARTFORD, CT-- - The law firm of Izard Nobel LLP, which has significant experience representing investors in prosecuting claims of securities fraud, announces that a lawsuit seeking class action status ...

LRR Energy, L.P. Schedules 2011 Year End Results and 2012 Guidance Conference Call and Webcast
[Business Wire] - LRR Energy, L.P. announced today that it expects to report 2011 year end financial and operating results and 2012 guidance after market close on Wednesda

Who's Really To Blame For Higher Oil Prices?


Talisman to Let Go Field Stake


Apache CEO Says Kitimat Decision Possible This Year


US Cash Crude-Sours flat, sweets fall


MarkWest Utica Announces Letter of Intent to Develop Significant Midstream Infrastructure in the Utica Shale
[Business Wire] - MarkWest Utica EMG, L.L.C. , a joint venture between MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P. and The Energy and Minerals Group focused on the development o

Harvest Shares Surge on Venezuela Divestment Plan: Caracas Mover


Apache Not Interested in Chesapeakes Permian Assets, CEO Says


CERAWEEK-Apache CEO says cheap natgas to bring more cutbacks


Bill Barrett Corporation Revises 2012 Capital Program


Statoil leading race for Anadarko assets
[at Financial Times] - Norway's state-controlled energy group Statoil (NYSE:STO - News) is in pole position to buy the Brazilian business of US-listed explorer Anadarko for about $3bn, which would mark the latest big foray by a global ...

Using Tuesday's Pullback To Pick Up Stakes In Newfield Exploration


Fracking makes for sunny times in sand


Enterprise Products Partners to Participate in Morgan Stanley MLP and Diversified Natural Gas Corporate Access Event
[Business Wire] - Enterprise Products Partners L.P. announced today that W. Randall Fowler, executive vice president and chief financial officer, and John R. Burkhalter, vice president,

[$$] KKR and Chesapeake Court Royalty


[$$] Chevron Faces Fire in Nigeria


Final Glance: Oil companies


Obama Wants Lower Oil Prices But Forgets The Printing Press Effect


BP Draws Buyer Interest in Two Refineries


Crude Sinks 2%, Energy Sector Follows Suit


BP Interested in Adding Refining Capacity in Asia, Conn Says


BP pays oil spill CEO $1 mln bonus-filing


UPDATE 1-PDVSA, Chevron ready $2 bln oil project credit


[$$] BP Awards Former Chief $1.11 Million in Shares


Clarification: Gulf Oil Spill-BP story


Venezuela's PDVSA, Chevron ready $2 bln oil project credit


BP settlement architects hope to win over skeptics


Chevron: Fire at rig off Nigeria has stopped


[$$] BP Expands Brazil Exploration Footprint


BP Set to Rise 5%?


[$$] Iraq Says Exxon Seeks More Time on Kurd Decision


UPDATE 2-Chevron says fire now out at Nigeria gas well


Obama looking to ease bottlenecks in U.S. refineries, raise world oil output


Faltering In Gas Prices Will Be Made Up For In Oil Activity As The Shift To Horizontal Rigs Continues, Says Vice President At Raymond James


Midday Glance: Oil companies


Occupy Spirit Spreads From Wall Street To Oil Conference


EV Energy Partners to Present at Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investor Conference on March 7
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - EV Energy Partners, L.P. today announced that Michael Mercer, Senior VP and CFO, will be presenting at the Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investor Conference in Orlando, Florida ...

[$$] Taking Stock of a Texas-Size Oil Bet


Patterson-UTI: 240 Rigs at Work


MarkWest Utica Announces Letter of Intent to Develop Significant Midstream Infrastructure in the Utica Shale
[Business Wire] - MarkWest Utica EMG, L.L.C. , a joint venture between MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P. and The Energy and Minerals Group focused on the development o

Halcon Resources Whiffs on Revenues


Statoil leading race for Anadarko assets
[at Financial Times] - Norway's state-controlled energy group Statoil (NYSE:STO - News) is in pole position to buy the Brazilian business of US-listed explorer Anadarko for about $3bn, which would mark the latest big foray by a global ...

Fragmented Frack And Drilling Markets Will See Consolidation In The Longer Term, Says Vice President At Raymond James; Find Out More Of His Take On This Space In This Exclusive Interview


FX Energy Schedules Fourth Quarter and Year End 2011 Results Conference Call
[Marketwire] - SALT LAKE CITY, UT-- - FX Energy, Inc. announced today that a conference call to discuss the Company's fourth quarter and year end 2011 financial and operating results will be held at 4:30 p.m. Eastern ...

Pioneer Southwest Energy Partners L.P. Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Press Release Date and Conference Call
[Business Wire] - Pioneer Southwest Energy Partners L.P. today announced its first quarter 2012 earnings press release is scheduled to be issued after the close of t

Parker Drilling CEO resigns, chairman is temp sub


Parker Drilling CEO resigns; chairman is temp sub


[$$] Yanzhou Proceeds With Australia Merger


Ensco plc Goes Ex-Dividend Soon


Seadrill Ltd Goes Ex-Dividend Soon


Statoil says new N.Sea field can be offshore electric hub


Interview With The Chairman, President And CEO: National Oilwell Varco (NOV) - Merrill A. Miller Jr.


Parker Drilling announces departure of CEO David Mannon


Parker Drilling Reports Executive Departure
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 6, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Parker Drilling (NYSE: PKD - News), an international drilling contractor and service provider, announced today the departure of David C. Mannon, president, chief executive ...

I Wish It Weren't True, But The World Badly Needs Iranian Oil


Seadrill initiated with an Underperform at Bernstein


Swiss Stocks Fall as Greek Debt-Swap Deadline Approaches


Chevron Says Fire at Nigerian Gas Well Is No Longer Burning


Weatherford Announces Conference Call
[PR Newswire] - GENEVA, March 6, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Weatherford International Ltd. (NYSE / EURONEXT PARIS / SIX: WFT) today announced that it has scheduled a conference call for Tuesday, April 24, 2012 at 8:00 a.m. ...

Warren Resources' CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Warren Resources' CEO Discusses Q4 2011 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

FMC Technologies Earns Two Spotlight on New Technology Awards
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 6, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- FMC Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: FTI - News) announced today that it has been named the recipient of two Spotlight on New Technology awards by the Offshore Technology Conference ...

Baker Hughes Announces Conference Call
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 6, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Baker Hughes (NYSE: BHI - News) announced today that it has scheduled a conference call on Tuesday, April 24, 2012, to discuss results for the first quarter 2012, ending ...

Too Much Selling of Top 10th Percentile Ranked Dividend Stock RPC


BP settlement architects hope to win over skeptics


Mission Control, Built for Cities


Long Term Prospects For North America Are Looking Good, As The Oil And Gas Industry Reverses A 40-Year Declining Trend, Says Vice President At Raymond James: Find Out More Of His Take On This Space In This Exclusive Interview


Adino Energy Completes Core Business Transition to Exploration and Production of Oil and Natural Gas


Fragmented Frack And Drilling Markets Will See Consolidation In The Longer Term, Says Vice President At Raymond James; Find Out More Of His Take On This Space In This Exclusive Interview


US Oil Growth In The Next Five Years Will Be Such That Non-OPEC Supply Will Grow, And Excess Capacity Out Of OPEC Will Actually Increase, Says Vice President At Raymond James; Find Out How Will Work, As Well As His Top Picks To Take Advanta


Oilfield Service Firms Compete With Customers for Deals


As Companies Move Towards Oilier Basins For Gas, Competition Will Increase; The Space Will Pause And Then ReAccelerate As 2012 Continues, Says Vice President At Raymond James


UPDATE 1-EIA sees US natgas output up 2.6 pct in 2012


Bolt Technology Announces Initial Sale of Containerized Delivery System to Oceaneering International
[GlobeNewswire] - NORWALK, Conn. -- Bolt Technology Corporation today announced that its subsidiary, SeaBotix Inc. of San Diego, California, has recorded the initial sale of its SeaBotix Containerized Delivery System (CDS). ...

Warren Resources 4Q profit jumps


CRR Crosses Critical Technical Indicator


Checking the Quality of Schlumberger's Growth


3 Energy Stocks With No Debt


UPDATE 1-US natural gas flat to higher in early trade


National Oilwell Varco: Making Bucks More Quickly


Don't Get Too Worked Up Over Halliburton's Earnings


[$$] El Paso Counsel Opposed Goldman


For Some C.E.O.'s, a Mirror Can Be a Dangerous Tool


UPDATE 3-Proxy adviser opposes El Paso-Kinder Morgan deal


NuStar GP Holdings, LLCs 2011 Schedule K-1 Tax Packages Now Available
[Business Wire] - NuStar GP Holdings, LLC today announced that the 2011 tax packages, which include the Schedule K-1, are now available online at www.nustargpholdings.com in the Investors section of the Web site.

Buckeye Partners, L.P.'s 2011 Schedule K-1 Tax Packages Are Now Available
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Buckeye Partners, L.P. ("Buckeye") announced today that the 2011 unitholder tax packages are available online. Investors can obtain their tax packages, which include Schedule K-1, ...

Williams Executives Presenting at Two Conferences in March
[Business Wire] - Williams announced today that members of its management are scheduled to present at two analyst conferences in March.

DCP Midstream, LLC and DCP Midstream Partners, LP to Present at Barclays Capital Investment Grade Energy and Pipeline Conference
[Business Wire] - DCP Midstream, LLC and DCP Midstream Partners, LP will be presenting separately at the Barclays Capital Investment Grade Energy and Pipeline Conference on Wednesday, Ma

Plains All American: A Great High Yield Play For Long-Term Investors


Plains All American prices offering of 5M units


Proxy adviser opposes El Paso-Kinder Morgan deal


UPDATE 1-Proxy adviser opposes El Paso-Kinder Morgan deal


El Paso Corp. Chief Defends His Actions in Kinder Morgan Deal


As an Adviser, Goldman Guaranteed Its Payday


Lackluster Market Expected


A Closer Look At Enterprise Products Partners' 2011 Distributable Cash Flow


Plains All American 5M share Spot Secondary priced at $80.03


Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. Prices Public Offering of Common Units
[Business Wire] - Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. announced today that it has priced an underwritten public offering of 5,000,000 of its common units representing limited partner interests at $80.03 per common unit.

Ahead of Wall Street - March 6, 2012


As an Adviser, Goldman Guaranteed Its Payday


2011 K-1 Tax Packages for Genesis Energy, L.P.
[Business Wire] - Genesis Energy, L.P. today announced that the 2011 tax packages, including Schedule K-1, for its unitholders are now available online and may be accessed through the Partnerships website www.genesisenergy.com under Investor Relations  K-1 Information. The Partnership expects to complete mailing of the 2011 tax packages by Friday, March 9, 2012.

Enterprise, Enbridge and Anadarko Moving Forward With Development of the Texas Express Pipeline
[Business Wire] - Enterprise Products Partners L.P. , Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P., and Anadarko Petroleum Corporation today announced that shippers have executed long-term contracts for capacity on the Texas Express Pipeline being developed by the joint venture.

UPDATE 3-Valero: Production units missed by Memphis fire


Coffeyville to spend $12M on emission reductions


YPF attacks Argentine government 'persecution'
[at Financial Times] - YPF, the Argentine subsidiary of Spanish oil company Repsol (NYSE:REPYY.PK - News), has slammed what it called "systematic persecution" after being accused by the government of the province of Chubut of ...

Valero says Memphis fire related to turnaround


UPDATE 1-Valero: Production units missed by Memphis fire


CVR to spend $12 million to settle with EPA


Interoil: A Definite Short


Coffeyville Resources Refining & Marketing to Implement Environmental Controls Improvement Projects
[PR Newswire] - COFFEYVILLE, Kan., March 6, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Coffeyville Resources Refining & Marketing, LLC (CRRM), a subsidiary of CVR Energy, Inc. (NYSE: CVI - News) said today that it has entered into a consent decree ...

Valero says no production units involved in Memphis accident


CVR Energy to Sell Common Units of CVR Partners
[PR Newswire] - SUGAR LAND, Texas, March 6, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- CVR Energy, Inc. (NYSE: CVI - News) today announced that CVR Partners, LP (NYSE: UAN - News) has filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and ...

Three injured in Valero Memphis refinery accident -local media


World Fuel Services Corporation Declares Regular Quarterly Cash Dividend
[Business Wire] - World Fuel Services Corporation announced today that its board of directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.0375 per share payable on April 6, 2012 to share

A third Argentine province presses YPF to invest


[$$] Iraq Says Exxon Seeks More Time on Kurd Decision


Tesoro Will Run Some Refineries If Workers Strike, Union Says


US Cash Crude-Grades softer, WTI, WTS in focus


Is Valero Energy Cheap According to Graham?


ADVISORY-Please ignore the Brief on USW


UPDATE 1-Valero CEO sees US importing more Canadian oil


Conoco Expects Less, Divests More


Why Valero Energy's Earnings May Be Less Than Awesome


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.714
[3.68, 3.71, 3.72, 3.73, 3.73]

Indianapolis
3.746
[3.67, 3.75, 3.77, 3.77, 3.77]

USA Average
3.72

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
104.94

Brent Prices
121.98

