This file created: March-03 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Storms demolish small towns in Ind., Ky.; 38 dead
WEST LIBERTY, Ky. (AP)  Across the South and Midwest, survivors emerged Saturday to find blue sky and splinters where homes once stood, cars flung into buildings and communications crippled after dozens of tornadoes chainsawed through a region of millions, leveling small towns along the way.

Limbaugh apologizes to law student for insult
WASHINGTON (AP)  An influential conservative talk show host apologized Saturday to a Georgetown University law student he had branded a "slut" and "prostitute" after fellow Republicans as well as Democrats criticized him and several advertisers left his program.

Romney moves ahead in Washington state caucuses
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney stepped out to an early lead over his Republican presidential rivals Saturday night in Washington state caucuses, a quiet prelude to 10 Super Tuesday contests next week in all regions of the country.

BP spill settlement clears way for comeback
NEW YORK (AP)  BP's multibillion-dollar settlement with people and businesses harmed by its 2010 oil spill removes some uncertainty about the potential financial damages it faces. It also may help the company restore its all-important relationship with the federal government.

Fresh assault on Homs as Red Cross seeks access
BEIRUT (AP)  Syrian forces launched a fresh assault on Homs on Saturday as the Red Cross pressed forward with efforts to deliver badly needed aid to thousands of people stranded in a besieged neighborhood despite warnings from regime troops of land mines and booby traps.

Sarkozy nixes halal meat in schools for Muslims
PARIS (AP)  The issue of France's Muslims moved front and center into the presidential campaign with the incumbent, Nicolas Sarkozy, excluding on Saturday any special indulgences for halal meat or separate swimming hours for Muslim women in public pools.

New Orleans case puts scrutiny on NFL bounty pay
The revelations were shocking and appalling to those outside the NFL: A team paid bounties to knock opponents out of the game, including some of football's biggest stars.

Calhoun returns, UConn beats Pitt 74-65
STORRS, Conn. (AP)  Jim Calhoun was advised not to return to the bench so soon after back surgery, and was supposed to take it easy if he did.

Freed of Gadhafi, Libya's instability only deepens
BENGHAZI, Libya (AP)  A large map of Libya hangs on the wall in the home of Idris al-Rahel, with a line down the middle dividing the country in half.

Conflicting accounts over Afghan Quran burnings
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP)  An investigation into the burning of Muslim holy books at a U.S. military base has found it was a mistake involving at least five Americans who may face a disciplinary review, a Western official said Saturday, but Afghan investigators claimed it was an intentional desecration.

New Orleans case puts scrutiny on NFL bounty pay
The revelations were shocking and appalling to those outside the NFL: A team paid bounties to knock opponents out of the game, including some of football's biggest stars.

Limbaugh apologizes to law student for insult
WASHINGTON (AP)  An influential conservative talk show host apologized Saturday to a Georgetown University law student he had branded a "slut" and "prostitute" after fellow Republicans as well as Democrats criticized him and several advertisers left his program.

Storms demolish small towns in Ind., Ky.; 38 dead
WEST LIBERTY, Ky. (AP)  Across the South and Midwest, survivors emerged Saturday to find blue sky and splinters where homes once stood, cars flung into buildings and communications crippled after dozens of tornadoes chainsawed through a region of millions, leveling small towns along the way.

BP spill settlement clears way for comeback
NEW YORK (AP)  BP's multibillion-dollar settlement with people and businesses harmed by its 2010 oil spill removes some uncertainty about the potential financial damages it faces. It also may help the company restore its all-important relationship with the federal government.

Ind. town hard to find, but tornado leaves mark
DAISY HILL, Ind. (AP)  This is a town that's almost impossible to find, even if you're trying. But a massive tornado did.

Police: 14 hurt in shooting at Tempe, Ariz., club
TEMPE, Ariz. (AP)  Police made one arrest and were looking for two other suspects after a shootout amid a large crowd outside an Arizona nightclub left more than a dozen people wounded and set off a chaotic scene as the injured screamed for help and hundreds tried to flee.

Toddler found alive in Indiana field after storms
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP)  A hospital spokeswoman says a 2-year-old girl found alive in an Indiana field after violent storms is the sole survivor of her immediate family.

Environmental damages remain issue after BP deal
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  BP's settlement with plaintiffs suing the company over the 2010 oil spill disaster in the Gulf of Mexico may address harm to individuals and businesses, but there is nothing in it that compensates the public for damage to its natural resources and environment, the Justice Department said Saturday.

Dahmer victim's sister calls walking tour 'evil'
MILWAUKEE (AP)  The sister of one of Jeffrey Dahmer's 17 victims joined others in protesting a Milwaukee walking tour of the serial killer's haunts Saturday, calling out to tour organizers that they were "just as evil" as Dahmer himself.

House fire in northeast Ohio kills 4; no survivors
WARREN, Ohio (AP)  A man, woman and two girls died Saturday in a house fire in northeast Ohio, fire officials said.

Fresh assault on Homs as Red Cross seeks access
BEIRUT (AP)  Syrian forces launched a fresh assault on Homs on Saturday as the Red Cross pressed forward with efforts to deliver badly needed aid to thousands of people stranded in a besieged neighborhood despite warnings from regime troops of land mines and booby traps.

2 trains collide in Poland; 8 dead, dozens injured
WARSAW, Poland (AP)  Two trains collided head-on in southern Poland late Saturday, killing at least eight people and injuring around 50 in what appears to be one of the worst rail disasters in the country in recent years, officials said.

Muslim Brotherhood forms political party in Libya
TRIPOLI, Libya (AP)  The Muslim Brotherhood in Libya announced on Saturday that it has formed a political party after six decades in the shadows of dictator Moammar Gadhafi's regime.

Egypt court rejects second Mickey cartoon lawsuit
CAIRO (AP)  An Egyptian court on Saturday rejected the second of two lawsuits brought by ultraconservative Islamists accusing a Christian media mogul of insulting Islam when he relayed a cartoon online of Mickey Mouse with a beard and Minnie in a face veil.

Egypt appoints new judges for nonprofit trial
CAIRO (AP)  Egypt has appointed new judges to hear the trial of 43 democracy workers, days after six Americans among those charged left the country with nearly $5 million in bail posted, the state-run news agency reported Saturday.

Conflicting accounts over Afghan Quran burnings
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP)  An investigation into the burning of Muslim holy books at a U.S. military base has found it was a mistake involving at least five Americans who may face a disciplinary review, a Western official said Saturday, but Afghan investigators claimed it was an intentional desecration.

Angry survivors attend 1st hearing on shipwreck
GROSSETO, Italy (AP)  The first hearing of the criminal investigation into the Costa Concordia's shipwreck was held in a theater Saturday instead of a courthouse because of high demand, with angry survivors seeking compensation, justice and the truth.

Suicide bombers hit Yemen army camp, kill soldier
SANAA, Yemen (AP)  Two suicide bombers struck an army camp in central Yemen Saturday, killing one soldier while explosions rocked a southern port city and clashes erupted between suspected al-Qaida militants and security forces in the south, officials said.

VP Biden goes to Latin American amid drug debate
Vice President Joe Biden heads to Latin America Sunday amid unprecedented pressure from political and business leaders to talk about something U.S. officials have no interest in debating: decriminalizing drugs.

Putin poised to regain Kremlin; protests likely
MOSCOW (AP)  Vladimir Putin appears all but certain to return to the Kremlin in Sunday's Russian presidential election, but he'll find himself in charge of a country far more willing to challenge him.

Limbaugh apologizes to law student for insult
WASHINGTON (AP)  An influential conservative talk show host apologized Saturday to a Georgetown University law student he had branded a "slut" and "prostitute" after fellow Republicans as well as Democrats criticized him and several advertisers left his program.

Santorum pushes social agenda, stokes GOP fear
LIMA, Ohio (AP)  Rick Santorum sees an America in need of more than economic recovery.

Gingrich, Santorum battle for Bible Belt voters
SAVANNAH, Ga. (AP)  The GOP presidential candidates are fighting to win over conservative voters in the Bible Belt as the race takes on a more prominent Southern focus.

Justice Dept wants trial on Florida voting changes
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Justice Department is opposing changes in Florida voting procedures and says it wants a trial in the dispute, a move that could impact the state's August primary elections.

Obama: Fuel-efficient cars an answer to gas prices
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama says higher auto mileage standards set under his administration and better cars built by a resurgent U.S. auto industry will save money at the gas pump over the long term, a counterpoint to Republican criticism of his energy policy.

Ohio emerging as microcosm of GOP race
WILLOUGHBY, Ohio (AP)  This state's Super Tuesday primary is proving to be the perfect microcosm of the nation's unruly race for the Republican presidential nomination: Mitt Romney is spending lots of money, Rick Santorum is aggressively courting conservatives and Newt Gingrich is counting on big ideas to swing votes his way.

Full Ohio delegate slate out of reach for Santorum
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP)  A wrinkle in his early campaign filings could leave Republican presidential hopeful Rick Santorum without almost a third of the available Ohio delegates even if he wins Super Tuesday's primary election.

Santorum: Limbaugh 'entertainer,' comment 'absurd'
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum says radio host Rush Limbaugh was "being absurd" when he suggested a college student record sex tapes and share them in exchange for contraception.

FACT CHECK: You can't have it all, sorry
WASHINGTON (AP)  Is there any impulse greater in politics than to promise people the sun and the moon?

BP spill settlement clears way for comeback
NEW YORK (AP)  BP's multibillion-dollar settlement with people and businesses harmed by its 2010 oil spill removes some uncertainty about the potential financial damages it faces. It also may help the company restore its all-important relationship with the federal government.

Environmental damages remain issue after BP deal
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  BP's settlement with plaintiffs suing the company over the 2010 oil spill disaster in the Gulf of Mexico may address harm to individuals and businesses, but there is nothing in it that compensates the public for damage to its natural resources and environment, the Justice Department said Saturday.

Angry survivors attend 1st hearing on shipwreck
GROSSETO, Italy (AP)  The first hearing of the criminal investigation into the Costa Concordia's shipwreck was held in a theater Saturday instead of a courthouse because of high demand, with angry survivors seeking compensation, justice and the truth.

Expert: Kids likely not harmed in CVS pill mix-up
TRENTON, N.J. (AP)  Children who may have taken breast cancer treatment medication mistakenly distributed by a New Jersey pharmacy instead of prescribed fluoride pills likely won't suffer any health problems, a pharmaceutical expert said Saturday.

Anglers flock to contaminated Texas reservoir
DONNA, Texas (AP)  Signs bearing a skull and crossbones dot the banks of a reservoir and canal near this town on the U.S.-Mexico border, but the fishermen standing in the reeds nearby ignore them, casually reeling in fish that are contaminated with toxic chemicals and banned for human consumption.

Obama: Fuel-efficient cars an answer to gas prices
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama says higher auto mileage standards set under his administration and better cars built by a resurgent U.S. auto industry will save money at the gas pump over the long term, a counterpoint to Republican criticism of his energy policy.

Oil boom and a kidnapping alter Montana town
SIDNEY, Mont. (AP)  Sidney isn't the first small town in the West to get run over by a gold rush, in this case black gold  more than 16 million barrels of crude being pumped every month from the massive Bakken oil field beneath eastern Montana and western North Dakota.

Wynn details casino envisioned near Patriots' home
BOSTON (AP)  Las Vegas casino owner Steve Wynn unveiled details Friday of a proposed Massachusetts resort casino he hopes to develop near the home of the New England Patriots.

Ratings agency Moody's downgrades Greece
ATHENS, Greece (AP)  The ratings agency Moody's downgraded Greece to the lowest rating on its bond scale late Friday, following a deal with private investors that would see them ultimately lose an estimated 70 percent of their holdings in Greek debt.

Feel cheated? Small claims court brings big wins
NEW YORK (AP)  If you feel cheated by a big company and complaining gets you nowhere, what can you do? A handful of recent cases suggest that consumers can, if they're motivated enough, win against big companies in small claims courts.

Feel cheated? Small claims court brings big wins
NEW YORK (AP)  If you feel cheated by a big company and complaining gets you nowhere, what can you do? A handful of recent cases suggest that consumers can, if they're motivated enough, win against big companies in small claims courts.

German court dismisses Apple, Samsung lawsuits
BERLIN (AP)  A German court has dismissed patent lawsuits by technology giants Apple and Samsung against each other in the two companies' battle over the market for smartphones and tablet devices.

Startup sued for putting local TV on the iPhone
NEW YORK (AP)  Broadcasters have sued a startup backed by media billionaire Barry Diller that sends live local TV feeds to iPhones and iPads in the New York area.

AT&T relents on 'unlimited data' plan limits
NEW YORK (AP)  AT&T Inc. backed away from an unpopular service policy after smartphone subscribers complained that the company placed unreasonable limits on its "unlimited data" plans.

Libraries protest Random House price hike
NEW YORK (AP)  The American Library Association is urging Random House Inc. to reconsider its steep increases in the price of e-books for library wholesalers

Kodak agrees to sell online gallery to Shutterfly
ROCHESTER, N.Y. (AP)  Eastman Kodak Co. said Thursday it plans to sell its online photo service business to online photo publishing company Shutterfly Inc. for $23.8 million.

FBI director: Cyber-threats will become top worry
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  The director of the FBI told an annual gathering of cyber-security professionals on Thursday that the agency needs the private sector to help combat what he believes is becoming the nation's No. 1 threat.

Telecoms groups fight back against free messaging
BARCELONA, Spain (AP)  Just past the security gate for the world's largest cell phone trade show in Barcelona, executives of big mobile carriers can't avoid walking past a booth they would probably rather not see: It's for "Pinger," a small California company that offers free texting in the United States and Germany and has global expansion plans.

Zynga unveils stand-alone game destination
NEW YORK (AP)  "CityVille" fans afraid to spam their Facebook friends with updates about their virtual hometowns can sigh with relief. Zynga has unveiled a new online destination, Zynga.com, where people can play its games away from Facebook, including with people who are not their Facebook friends.

Two-thirds of China's cities fail on air standards
BEIJING (AP)  Two-thirds of China's cities currently fail to meet stricter air quality standards that the government wants to phase in over four years to combat notoriously smoggy skies, a senior Chinese environmental official said Friday.

Everest climber warns of flood risks in Himalayas
TATOPANI, Nepal (AP)  Before Apa became a legendary Sherpa mountaineer, he was a humble Himalayan potato farmer who worked his fields in the Everest foothills until, without warning, raging floodwaters swallowed his farm.

Polish report: shale gas extraction not harmful
WARSAW, Poland (AP)  A scientific study in Poland has found that shale gas extraction at one site produced some toxic refuse but that the waste was reused and didn't harm the environment.

Dinosaurs had fleas too _ giant ones, fossils show
WASHINGTON (AP)  In the Jurassic era, even the flea was a beast, compared to its minuscule modern descendants. These pesky bloodsuckers were nearly an inch long.

Scientists reconstruct long-extinct giant penguin
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP)  It was a slender bird, with long wings and a spear-like bill to catch swift ocean prey. And scientists say the first glimpse of the extinct giant penguin species was worth the 26 million-year wait.

Poll: US belief in warming rises with thermometer
WASHINGTON (AP)  Americans' belief in global warming is on the rise, along with temperatures and surprising weather changes, according to a new university poll.

Smithsonian plans festival to welcome Discovery
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Smithsonian Institution plans a four-day festival with NASA to welcome space shuttle Discovery into its collection in April.

Obama plan for spotted owl targets rival bird
WASHINGTON (AP)  To save the imperiled spotted owl, the Obama administration is moving forward with a controversial plan to shoot barred owls, a rival bird that has shoved its smaller cousin aside.

Tsunami debris floating across Pacific toward US
HONOLULU (AP)  Refrigerators, TVs and other debris dragged into sea when a massive earthquake hit Japan last March, causing tsunamis as high as 130 feet to crash ashore, could show up in remote atolls north of Hawaii as soon as this winter, with other pieces reaching parts of the West Coast in 2013 and 2014, experts say.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Another Low-Cost Operator Cuts Back Drilling


Matador Resources Company Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option
[PR Newswire] - DALLAS, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Matador Resources Company (NYSE: MTDR - News) announced today that the underwriters of its recently completed initial public offering of common stock have exercised their ...

SM Energy Announces Participation in Upcoming Investor Conferences
[Business Wire] - SM Energy Company today announces that the Company will be participating in the following upcoming investor events:

Natural Gas Impairment Charges Pile Up


Ultra Petroleum Cut to Underperform


Oil, Housing And Stocks, Oh My!


Endeavor International Could Be A Two Or Three Bagger If It Hits Analysts' Estimates


TEXT-S&P revises Forest Oil Corp outlook


Chesapeake: Investors Underappreciate Assets, Says Analyst


Royale Completes Pipeline and Begins Production
[GlobeNewswire] - SAN DIEGO -- Royale Energy, Inc. announced today it has completed the pipeline to its Bristol well in the Sacramento Basin. The well has been put into production and will be opened up to over 1,000,000 ...

Long Term Positives For Natural Gas


Cove Energy shares fall over tax threat
[at Financial Times] - Shares in Cove Energy fell 8 per cent on Friday over fears Mozambican authorities would impose a tax charge that could slow any sale of the Africa-focused oil explorer.

CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Seaway to link to Enterprise terminal


ATP Announces Production Rates at Fourth Well at Telemark Hub
[Business Wire] - ATP Oil & Gas Corporation today announced initial production rates at its Mississippi Canyon Block 942 A-3 well in excess of 7,000 barrels equivalent per day , of which 85% is oil.

2 Energy Stocks to Watch Today


HKN Announces Annual Results for 2011
[Marketwire] - DALLAS, TX-- - HKN, Inc. today reported its annual financial results for the year ended December 31, 2011.Financial ConditionDuring 2011, HKN was able to significantly strengthen its financial condition ...

Southwestern Energy Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


TherapeuticsMD, Inc. Elects Four Additional Directors


Petroleum Development Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


Ultra Petroleum's Margin Hot Streak Continues


Enterprise to Present at Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference
[Business Wire] - Enterprise Products Partners L.P. announced today that W. Randall Fowler, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Enterprises general partner, is scheduled to present at the Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference in Orlando, Florida on Monday, March 5, 2012 at 11:35 a.m.

Environmental damages remain issue after BP deal


Numbers That Sway Markets and Voters


BP begins to put spill behind it with settlement


BP settles Gulf spill suits, expects $7.8B payout


BP, Plaintiffs Reach $7.8 Billion Settlement


ExxonMobil: Dividend Dynamo or the Next Blowup?


BP to settle spill claims; cost estimated at $7.8B


BP expects to pay $7.8B in Gulf spill suit deal


BP settles Gulf spill lawsuits for at least $7.8B


BP, plaintiffs reach $7.8B Gulf spill settlement


Gulf oil spill settlement will have no cap to compensate plaintiffs; BP estimates $7.8B payout


Judge: BP, plaintiffs reach settlement in Gulf oil spill case


Shell breaks ground on oil shale work on US land


$1.6M Exxon-Montana oil spill settlement finalized


Mobil 1 The Grid Races into a Fourth Season
[Business Wire] - Mobil 1 The Grid, a weekly 30-minute television series devoted to global motorsports, returns for a fourth season in the United States on SPEED at 10:30 p.m. ET on Friday, March 9.

Final Glance: Oil companies


ExxonMobil to Reward SpeedpassTM Customers With Additional Savings per Gallon
[Business Wire] - Speedpass customer appreciation days are back! To express appreciation to customers, ExxonMobil is repeating a favorite promotion of 15 cents per gallon rebate of gas purchased wit

Crude Supplies Jump to 5-Month High


How Natural Gas Is Changing Global Energy Market


Valero: A Cheap Pick From The Energy Sector


PDVSA Said to Consider Lower Orinoco Venture Stakes for Hong Kong Listing


BP's $7.8 billion deal may speed payments for U.S. spill


BP in $7.8bn settlement of gulf claims
[at Financial Times] - BP and the lawyers representing more than 100,000 victims of the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill have reached an estimated $7.8bn out-of-court settlement over damages, delaying the trial that had been due ...

China North East Petroleum Comments on Stock Trading Halt
[PR Newswire] - HARBIN, China and NEW YORK, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire-Asia-FirstCall/ -- China North East Petroleum Holdings Limited (the "Company") (NYSE Amex: NEP), announced that during the day of March 1, ...

Hercules Offshore Announces Officer Appointments
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hercules Offshore, Inc. (Nasdaq: HERO - News) announced the appointment of Son P. Vann to Vice President Investor Relations and Planning and John F. Wasmuth to Vice President ...

How Sandridge Energy Turned A $400 Million Investment Into $8.7 Billion Of Value In 2 Years


BreitBurn Energy Partners Meets on the Top Line, Misses Where It Counts


EV Energy Partners Whiffs on Earnings


Vanguard Natural Resources Crushes Estimates


How the Wheels Came Off Rowan Cos.' Bus


Energy stocks drop


The Gory Details of Northern Oil and Gas' Earnings Miss


5-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: Transocean


UPDATE 1-Statoil seeks more "workhorse" rigs off Norway


Swiss Stocks Are Little Changed; Transocean, UBS Advance


Patterson-UTI Reports Drilling Activity for February 2012
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- PATTERSON-UTI ENERGY, INC. (NASDAQ: PTEN - News) today reported that for the month of February 2012, the Company had an average of 240 drilling rigs operating, including ...

Statoil plans new rig orders for 2015 delivery


Do Hercules Offshore's Assets Generate Strong Returns?


Bill Barrett Corporation Reduces and Redirects 2012 Capital Program, Continues to Increase Emphasis on Oil
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Bill Barrett Corporation (the "Company") (NYSE: BBG - News) announced today a revised 2012 capital program for the Company as a result of lower natural gas prices. ...

Crestwood Midstream Partners LP Files 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Crestwood Midstream Partners LP today announced that it has filed the partnership's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange ...

Northern Oil Will Get It Right For Shareholders


Noble Corporation Provides Fleet Contract Status Update
[PR Newswire] - ZUG, Switzerland, March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Corporation (NYSE:NE - News) today announced that its report of drilling rig status and contract information has been updated as of March 1, 2012. The report, ...

Vanguard's Management Discusses Q4 2011 Earnings Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Vanguard's Management Discusses Q4 2011 Earnings Results - Earnings Call Transcript

BP spill settlement clears way for comeback


BP's $7.8 billion deal may speed payments for U.S. spill


BP in $7.8bn settlement of gulf claims
[at Financial Times] - BP and the lawyers representing more than 100,000 victims of the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill have reached an estimated $7.8bn out-of-court settlement over damages, delaying the trial that had been due ...

Mission Control, Built for Cities


BP begins to put spill behind it with settlement


BP reaches settlement in Gulf spill suit


These 2 Stocks Are Undervalued


BP Reaches Agreement on 2010 Oil-Spill Settlement Terms


Hornbeck Offshore to Issue $375,000,000 of 5.875% Senior Notes Due 2020
[PR Newswire] - COVINGTON, La., March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. (NYSE: HOS - News) (the "Company") announced today that it has agreed to sell $375,000,000 aggregate principal amount of ...

Weekly US oil, gas rig count up 8 to 1,989


NYMEX-Natural gas ends up, shorts cover ahead of weekend


TEXT-S&P rates Hornbeck Offshore Services notes


US spot natgas prices mixed after 4 straight losses


1 Energy Stock I'm Buying Now


NYMEX-Short covering props up natural gas ahead of weekend


Dawson Geophysical to Present at the Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference
[PR Newswire] - MIDLAND, Texas, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Stephen Jumper, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dawson Geophysical Company (NASDAQ: DWSN - News) (the "Company"), is scheduled to present at the ...

NYMEX-Natural gas holds early gains on pre-weekend short cover


Tesco initiated with a Buy at Sidoti


NYMEX-Natural gas edges higher, shorts cover ahead of wkend


RBI deputy gov: options open on CRR cut


Hornbeck Offshore Announces Offering of $350,000,000 of Senior Notes
[PR Newswire] - COVINGTON, La., March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. (NYSE: HOS - News) (the "Company") announced today that it intends to offer, subject to market and other conditions, approximately ...

Hornbeck Offshore Announces Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation for Its 6.125% Senior Notes Due 2014
[PR Newswire] - COVINGTON, La., March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. (NYSE: HOS - News) (the "Company") announced today that it has commenced a cash tender offer (the "Offer") to ...

This Refining Stock Is Going Places


4 Fuel Pipeline Companies To Consider In 2012


NuStar Energy L.P.s 2011 Schedule K-1 Tax Packages Now Available
[Business Wire] - NuStar Energy L.P. today announced that the 2011 tax packages, which include the Schedule K-1, are now available online at www.nustarenergy.com in the Investors section of the Web site.

Kinder Morgan in Rail Service JV


Magellan Midstream Partners LP: Wait For A Pullback


APL Added as Top 10 Energy Dividend Stock With 5.87% Yield


Kinder Morgan Companies File 2011 Annual Reports
[Business Wire] - Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, L.P. and Kinder Morgan Management, LLC have filed their annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2011, with the

DCP Midstream Partners Announces Pricing of Common Unit Offering
[Business Wire] - DCP Midstream Partners, LP announced today that it has priced an underwritten public offering of 4,750,000 common units representing limited partner interests at $47.42 per common unit.

Spectra Energy Holds Open Season for Renaissance Gas Transmission Project
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 2, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Spectra Energy Corp (NYSE: SE - News) today announced a non-binding open season for its Renaissance Gas Transmission (Renaissance) project, a new pipeline system that will ...

Goldman Sachs Criticized by Judge on Kinder Morgan Conflicts


Inergy Midstream Appoints New Member to Board of Directors
[Business Wire] - Inergy Midstream, L.P. announced today that Randy Moeder has been appointed to the board of directors of NRGM GP, LLC, the general partner of Inergy Midstream, L.P., effective immediately.

The 5 Best Stocks To Play Liquefied Natural Gas


Dealpolitik: Plenty of Warnings As El Paso Deal Squeaks By Judge


ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners to Present at Barclays Capital Investment Grade Energy and Pipeline Conference
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE: OKE - News) and ONEOK Partners, L.P. (NYSE: OKS - News) will present at the Barclays Capital Investment Grade Energy and Pipeline Conference on Thursday, ...

[video] Judge Slams El Paso CEO in Kinder Morgan Merger


DCP Midstream Partners Announces Public Offering of Common Units
[Business Wire] - DCP Midstream Partners, LP announced today that it has commenced, subject to market conditions, an underwritten public offering of 4,750,000 of its common units representing limited partner interests.

ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK Partners to Participate in Morgan Stanley MLP and Diversified Natural Gas Corporate Access Day
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., March 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE: OKE - News) and ONEOK Partners, L.P. (NYSE: OKS - News) will participate in the Morgan Stanley MLP and Diversified Natural Gas Corporate Access Day in New ...

Lloyd Blankfein Makes Scripted Phone Calls


Analyst Moves: WES, VRSK


Delaware Court of Chancery Issues Opinion in Connection With El Paso Corporation's Pending Transaction With Kinder Morgan, Inc.
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - In a memorandum opinion, dated February 29, 2012, the Delaware Court of Chancery denied plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the shareholder vote scheduled for March ...

The Losers in the El Paso Corp. Opinion


Judge allows El Paso Corp. takeover to proceed


Argentina's Santa Cruz province sets deadline for YPF


This Refining Stock Is Going Places


[$$] Argentine Province Gives YPF Production Ultimatum


Delek reports FCC regenerator malfunction at Texas refinery


Why Next Winter's Heat Could Be Costly in New York


Argentina rebuffs Spain in YPF dispute
[at Financial Times] - Argentina has bluntly told Madrid not to meddle in YPF, its biggest company and former oil monopoly, even though it is controlled by Spain's Repsol (NYSE:REPYY.PK - News).

Eagle Rock Announces Availability of 2011 Tax Packages, Including Schedule K-1s
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Eagle Rock Energy Partners, L.P. ("Eagle Rock" or the "Partnership") today announced that Eagle Rock unitholders may now access their 2011 tax packages, including Schedule ...

Argentine oil province gives YPF investment ultimatum


Refining industry restructuring even as gas prices surge


Argentina tells Spain not to meddle in YPF, FT reports


Why retail gasoline prices are nearing a record


What Valero Does With Its Cash


Delek US Holdings Inc Is a Top 10 Energy Dividend Stock (DK)


Has Tesoro Become the Perfect Stock?


CVR Energy board rejects Icahn takeover bid


Will Western Refining Earn or Burn?


China Increases Oil, Gas and Coal Production - L&L Energy and Longwei Petroleum Poised to Benefit
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - In recent years, China's government has taken steps to increase the country's domestic energy production -- particularly in coal, oil and natural gas. Peng Qiming, director of the Ministry ...

$5 Gas: Play It Again Sam


Valero Energy: There Are Fundamental And Technical Reasons To Buy


UPDATE 1-Spain minister in Argentina over Repsol row-sources


San Francisco Diesel Strengthens on Flaring at Chevron Richmond


Hess Plans Equus Investment Decision in Australia in Mid-2013


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.74
[3.74, 3.74, 3.74, 3.74, 3.74]

Indianapolis
3.79
[3.77, 3.77, 3.79, 3.79, 3.83]

USA Average
3.72

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
106.5

Brent Prices
123.65

