This file created: May-03 16:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
US: blind activist wants to leave China
BEIJING (AP)  The Obama administration's diplomatic predicament deepened Thursday when a blind Chinese legal activist who took refuge in the American Embassy told the U.S. he now wants to go abroad, rejecting a deal that was supposed to keep him safely in China.

What China's dissidents are saying about Chen
BEIJING (AP)  On Thursday, legal activist Chen Guangcheng told the United States that he wants to leave China, deepening a diplomatic dispute. His case has drawn comments from other prominent Chinese activists and dissidents  both to Chen directly and in other forums.

US uses bin Laden letters to degrade al-Qaida
WASHINGTON (AP)  Letters from Osama bin Laden's last hideaway, released by U.S. officials intent on discrediting his terror organization, portray a network weak, inept and under siege  and its leader seemingly near wit's end about the passing of his global jihad's glory days.

Prosecution wants 80 years for Charles Taylor
AMSTERDAM (AP)  Former Liberian president Charles Taylor deserves an 80-year sentence for the war crimes he was convicted of last week, including aiding and abetting murder and rape on a mass scale, prosecutors said in a written filing Thursday.

CA man left in cell 4 days just tried to survive
SAN DIEGO (AP)  After questioning him, federal agents told the college student swept up in a drug raid to hang tight in the holding cell while they finished the paperwork to release him.

Feds to put up $1.9B for Oregon health overhaul
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP)  The Obama administration is buying into an ambitious health care initiative in Oregon, announcing Thursday it has tentatively agreed to chip in $1.9 billion over five years to help get the program off the ground.

Pepsi brings back Michael Jackson in promotion
NEW YORK (AP)  PepsiCo Inc. is going on a reunion tour with The King of Pop.

Mick Jagger gets first hosting gig at 'SNL' finale
NEW YORK (AP)  Mick Jagger will test his comic chops later this month as host of the "Saturday Night Live" season finale.

Weaver's hometown career culminates with no-hitter
ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP)  Dave Weaver was in his usual seat, 20 rows behind home plate, drinking a beer and shouting instructions to his son in the quiet lulls between pitches. His wife, Gail, was alongside him, calmly enjoying a little night baseball.

Ravens LB Suggs tears Achilles tendon
OWINGS MILLS, Md. (AP)  Baltimore Ravens linebacker Terrell Suggs will have surgery for a partially torn Achilles tendon, an injury he insists will not keep him sidelined for the entire 2012 season.

White House is silent on fate of Chinese activist
WASHINGTON (AP)  The White House is sidestepping questions about how the U.S. might resolve the predicament surrounding a blind Chinese activist who sought refuge in the American embassy and who no longer wants to remain China.

Prosecutors opt for hazing charges in FAMU case
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP)  There was no single blow, stomp or strike to Robert Champion's bruised and battered body that killed him as he was pummeled by fellow Florida A&M University marching band members during a hazing ritual aboard a charter bus last fall.

US uses bin Laden letters to degrade al-Qaida
WASHINGTON (AP)  Letters from Osama bin Laden's last hideaway, released by U.S. officials intent on discrediting his terror organization, portray a network weak, inept and under siege  and its leader seemingly near wit's end about the passing of his global jihad's glory days.

Police believe Neo-Nazi killed 4, himself in Ariz.
GILBERT, Ariz. (AP)  Police said Thursday that they believe a former Marine with ties to neo-Nazi and Minutemen groups shot four people and then took his own life in a suburban Phoenix home.

Amateur sleuth helps stop National Archives thefts
WASHINGTON (AP)  When J. David Goldin saw the recorded interview of baseball great Babe Ruth for sale on eBay he knew something was wrong. There was only one original record of that 1937 interview of Ruth on a hunting trip, and Goldin had donated it to a government archive more than 30 years ago. Now someone was auctioning it off, the winning bid just $34.75.

Medicare disruptions seen if health law is struck
WASHINGTON (AP)  Medicare's payment system, the unseen but vital network that handles 100 million monthly claims, could freeze up if President Barack Obama's health care law is summarily overturned, the administration has quietly informed the courts.

CDC report: More teen girls use best birth control
ATLANTA (AP)  More teen girls now use the best kinds of birth control, a new government study says.

Goodbye La Nina: Will drought, hurricanes also go?
WASHINGTON (AP)  The La Nina weather phenomenon is over. Forecasters say that's good news for the drought in the South and hurricane areas along the coasts.

Pettitte helps Clemens defense in perjury trial
WASHINGTON (AP)  Andy Pettitte, the reluctant witness who was supposed to bolster the government's case against Roger Clemens, appeared instead to have substantially aided his former teammate and friend when he readily conceded he might have misunderstood their conversation about human growth hormone.

Ex-Edwards aide had awkward run-in with mistress
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP)  Another former close aide to John Edwards testified Thursday about bungled efforts to keep the former presidential candidate's affair hidden from staff members, including an awkward encounter when she showed up at a hotel weeks after her work filming Edwards had ended.

US uses bin Laden letters to degrade al-Qaida
WASHINGTON (AP)  Letters from Osama bin Laden's last hideaway, released by U.S. officials intent on discrediting his terror organization, portray a network weak, inept and under siege  and its leader seemingly near wit's end about the passing of his global jihad's glory days.

US: blind activist wants to leave China
BEIJING (AP)  The Obama administration's diplomatic predicament deepened Thursday when a blind Chinese legal activist who took refuge in the American Embassy told the U.S. he now wants to go abroad, rejecting a deal that was supposed to keep him safely in China.

4 students killed as Syrian forces raid university
BEIRUT (AP)  Syrian forces stormed student dormitories during an anti-government protest at Aleppo University Thursday, firing tear gas and bullets in an hours-long siege that killed at least four students and forced the closure of the state-run school, activists said.

French debate: No knockout punch from Sarkozy
PARIS (AP)  Socialist candidate Francois Hollande appeared to solidify his chances at winning France's presidency Thursday after voters welcomed his strong showing in a debate against beleaguered incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy.

Russian military ups the ante on missile defense
MOSCOW (AP)  Russia's top military officer has threatened to carry out a pre-emptive strike on U.S.-led NATO missile defense facilities in Eastern Europe if Washington goes ahead with its controversial plan to build a missile shield.

Egypt's military renews pledge to give up power
CAIRO (AP)  Egypt's ruling generals repeated their pledge Thursday to transfer power to a civilian government within two months, a day after deadly clashes stoked by political tensions brought fresh accusations that the military was trying to create chaos so it could cling to power.

Prosecution wants 80 years for Charles Taylor
AMSTERDAM (AP)  Former Liberian president Charles Taylor deserves an 80-year sentence for the war crimes he was convicted of last week, including aiding and abetting murder and rape on a mass scale, prosecutors said in a written filing Thursday.

UK military shows off missiles to protect Olympics
LONDON (AP)  On a muddy field on the outskirts of London, Britain's military showed off a weapon Thursday it hopes it never has to use.

ECB chief sees slow recovery, offers no new help
BARCELONA, Spain (AP)  European Central Bank President Mario Draghi offered little prospect that the bank would deliver more support for the struggling economies of the 17-country eurozone, instead urging governments to agree a growth strategy that would work alongside tough spending cuts.

Israel gets 4th nuke-capable German submarine
JERUSALEM (AP)  Israel on Thursday received its fourth German-made submarine capable of launching nuclear warheads, expanding a fleet that experts say could be used in an attack on Iran.

THE RACE: Obama, Romney playing to strengths
The latest polls show more Americans trust Democratic President Barack Obama on national security and that GOP challenger Mitt Romney holds a slight edge on handling the economy.

Romney criticizes Obama administration over Chen
PORTSMOUTH, Va. (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney criticized the Obama administration Thursday for allowing a blind Chinese dissident to leave the U.S. Embassy in Beijing and suggested political motivations were at hand. The White House said the president wasn't concerned about the politics of the case.

White House is silent on fate of Chinese activist
WASHINGTON (AP)  The White House is sidestepping questions about how the U.S. might resolve the predicament surrounding a blind Chinese activist who sought refuge in the American embassy and who no longer wants to remain China.

Challengers outraise GOP incumbents in 1st quarter
WASHINGTON (AP)  Democratic challengers raised more money than Republican incumbents in 20 competitive House races from California to Virginia during the first three months of the year, and President Barack Obama's party has the upper-hand in eight other districts where congressmen are retiring.

Democrats in GOP-leaning House races may aid Obama
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP)  Republican-leaning areas in states vital to President Barack Obama's re-election prospects are drawing top-tier Democratic congressional candidates who, even if they lose, could help turn out the vote and boost Obama's chances of winning a second term.

Rep. Bachmann endorses Romney for president
WASHINGTON (AP)  Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann has endorsed one-time Republican rival Mitt Romney for president.

Obama star power shines on businesses
WASHINGTON (AP)  Call it the Obama effect: A presidential visit can be good advertising for restaurants and businesses.

In Texas, how conservative is enough?
AUSTIN, Texas (AP)  After a decade of building a solidly Republican resume, Texas Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst is finding it more difficult than expected to make the next step to higher political office.

Battle begins between Obama, Republican super PACs
NEW YORK (AP)  It's on.

Dem challengers raise more than GOP incumbents
Twenty Democratic House challengers raise more money than their Republican opponents in the first three months of 2012. They are identified by the state and corresponding congressional district:

North America boosts GM's first-quarter results
DETROIT (AP)  High costs and falling sales in Europe weighed on General Motors' first-quarter profit.

April retail sales worst since 2009
NEW YORK (AP)  Americans' spending  much like the economy  continues to yo-yo.

US stocks dip after conflicting economic reports
Wall Street gnawed on a muddle of economic data and corporate earnings Thursday, pushing stocks lower after a brief rise.

Pepsi brings back Michael Jackson in promotion
NEW YORK (AP)  PepsiCo Inc. is going on a reunion tour with The King of Pop.

US applications for unemployment aid drop sharply
WASHINGTON (AP)  The number of people seeking unemployment benefits fell last week by the most in nearly a year. The figure was a hopeful sign that hiring could pick up in coming months.

US worker output fell in Q1 by most in a year
WASHINGTON (AP)  U.S. worker productivity fell from January through March by the most in a year. Stronger hiring at the start of the year was partly responsible for the drop.

US service companies expand at slower pace
WASHINGTON (AP)  U.S. service companies, which employ roughly 90 percent of the work force, expanded more slowly in April. Companies saw less growth in new orders and hired at a weaker pace.

Samsung reveals new flagship Galaxy smartphone
NEW YORK (AP)  The latest phone in Samsung Electronics Co.'s Galaxy line, which has emerged as the biggest competitor to Apple's iPhone, will go on sale in Europe on May 29 and in the U.S. this summer, the company said Thursday.

US rate on 30-year mortgage hits record 3.84 pct.
WASHINGTON (AP)  Average U.S. rates for 30-year and 15-year fixed mortgages fell to fresh record lows this week, offering more incentive for Americans to buy or refinance homes.

Samsung reveals new flagship Galaxy smartphone
NEW YORK (AP)  The latest phone in Samsung Electronics Co.'s Galaxy line, which has emerged as the biggest competitor to Apple's iPhone, will go on sale in Europe on May 29 and in the U.S. this summer, the company said Thursday.

Shares of BlackBerry maker hit eight-year low
TORONTO (AP)  Shares of Research in Motion Ltd. hit an eight-year low Thursday and have fallen more than 15 percent in the past three days, after the company unveiled a prototype BlackBerry with new software.

Comcast 1Q earnings up 30 percent
NEW YORK (AP)  Comcast Corp., the country's largest cable company, reported a 30 percent profit increase in the first quarter, beating expectations on the strength of Super Bowl advertising and its popular broadband service.

RIM says will still make keypads for BlackBerrys
TORONTO (AP)  Research in Motion Ltd. says future BlackBerry models will still offer physical keyboards.

Google wants authors group out of NY library case
NEW YORK (AP)  Google Inc. urged a judge Thursday to toss The Authors Guild and an organization representing photographers out of 6-year-old litigation over the future of the world's largest digital library, a move that would force authors and photographers to individually fight the online search engine giant.

Target phasing out  Amazon's Kindle
NEW YORK (AP)  Target Corp. is phasing out Amazon.com Inc.'s e-reader Kindle at its more than 1,700 stores and its website.

YouTube promotes channels, pledges $200 mil in ads
NEW YORK (AP)  In a flashy presentation to advertisers, YouTube promoted its new channels of original programming, while pledging to spend $200 million to help market them.

Fans can watch every Olympic event live online
NEW YORK (AP)  Usain Bolt could be defending his Olympic 200-meter title on a Thursday afternoon in the United States.

Indictment returned in NYC computer hacking case
NEW YORK (AP)  The name of a Chicago man already charged in a computer hacking case aimed at taking out key players in the worldwide group Anonymous was added to an indictment Wednesday, boosting the accusations against him by including him in much of the wider conspiracy to hack into corporations and government agencies worldwide.

Goodbye La Nina: Will drought, hurricanes also go?
WASHINGTON (AP)  The La Nina weather phenomenon is over. Forecasters say that's good news for the drought in the South and hurricane areas along the coasts.

Scientists to use blimp to look for meteorites
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP)  A group of scientists will board a blimp to search for meteorites that rained over California's gold country last month.

First of 2 papers on lab-made bird flu published
NEW YORK (AP)  Four months ago the U.S. government sought to block publication of two studies about how scientists created an easily spread form of bird flu. Now a revised version of one paper is seeing the light of day with the government's blessing.

Greenland losing ice fast, but not runaway pace
WASHINGTON (AP)  Greenland's glaciers are hemorrhaging ice at an increasingly faster rate but not at the breakneck pace that scientists once feared, a new study says.

1st private cargo run to space station delayed
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP)  The first commercial cargo run to the International Space Station has been delayed again for more software testing.

APNewsBreak: Protection sought for rare woodpecker
RENO, Nev. (AP)  Smokey Bear has done such a good job stamping out forest fires the past half-century that a woodpecker that's survived for millions of years by eating beetle larvae in burned trees is in danger of going extinct in parts of the West, according to conservationists seeking U.S. protection for the bird.

Greenpeace activists arrested after Sweden protest
STOCKHOLM (AP)  Swedish police on Thursday arrested six Greenpeace activists after they boarded an icebreaker off Sweden's southeast coast, forcing authorities to tow the ship it back into land.

USDA: Offspring of mad cow did not have disease
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  Investigators looking into California's first case of mad cow disease say they have tracked down at least one of her offspring in another state.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Chesapeake's Financial Plan Complicated by CEO Controversy


America Has Gas....Smell Anything Rotten?


CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Magellan Midstream sees a sound future for Cushing business


Why Continental Resources Shares Got Crushed


Is Magnum Hunter Resources the Perfect Stock?


Enterprise Expects Record Propane Exports in 2012; Interim Expansion to Increase Capacity by 100,000 Barrels Per Month
[Business Wire] - Enterprise Products Partners L.P. today announced that it expects record propane exports in 2012. The partnerships exports of propane from its terminal on the Houston Ship Channel were a record 3.9 million barrels in April 2012.

Apache sees FY12 CapEx $9.5B-$10B


Apache sees minimal impact from any potential Egyptian currency devaluation


Apache anticipates being above lower end of FY12 production forecast


Apache says balance sheet remains strong with about $3B available liquidity


Apache sees 60 onshore rigs in U.S. by end of year


Enbridge Energy Management, L.L.C. Confirms Amount of Share Distribution for First Quarter 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Enbridge Energy Management, L.L.C. today confirmed that its previously declared share distribution, to be paid on May 15, 2012, will consist of 1.6496 additional shares for each 100 shares ...

Apache continues to ramp up activity in Permian basin


Apache says Egypt operations continue uninterrupted


Apache says bulk of new volume in Q1 came from North Sea


Apache reports Q1 average daily production up 7% sequentially


A Look At Chesapeake Energy's Board Of Directors Compensation


Apache: This Undervalued Stock Is A Buy Now


10 Things We Learned About Chesapeake Energy


Early Exercise of Warrants Provides Circle Star Energy $2.4 Million


Pioneer Natural Resources Beats on the Top Line


Swift Energy 1Q income slides on lower gas prices


[$$] Gas Futures Gain 3.9%


Exxon Says EPA Seeking Fines for West Virginia Water Pollution


Hess: Weak Q1 Report Presents Opportunity For Investors


Canadian Arctic gas partner willing to talk LNG


Oil falls after economic reports


Exxon Mobil: Too Focused On Long-Term Growth?


Oil Earnings: How Does BP Stack Up Against Its Peers?


Occidental Petroleum Announces Dividend
[Business Wire] - Occidental Petroleum Corporation said today that its board of directors has declared a regular quarterly dividend of $.54 per share on common stock payable on July 15, 2

Midday Glance: Oil companies


The 3 biggest benefits of producing more oil


4 Reasons to Buy this Oil Giant


UPDATE 1-Gazprom considers gas pipeline to Japan


$40 Oil In The Next 12 Months? Sorry Porter Stansberry, But I Don't Think So


Has Encana Exorcised Its Demons?


How To Profit From Rising Gasoline Prices


UPDATE 1-Indonesia shelves plan to limit use of subsidised fuel by car type


Delek Cut El Dorado Refinery Run After Exxon Shut Pipeline


A Better Bet Than BP or Shell?


Alaska gives TransCanada OK to shift attention


Oil Prices Are Slipping This Morning


1 Big Energy Deal Following the Trend


BP Executive Earnings Insights: Cost Evolution in E&P, TNK-BP Reporting


Shares of PWE Now Oversold


Top Buys by Directors: Crane's $1M Bet on NBR


Transocean's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Transocean's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Pick Up This Deepwater Driller 'Cheap': Stephanie Link


Pioneer Southwest Energy Partners' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Pioneer Southwest Energy Partners' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Ensco's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Ensco's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Change Is Coming At Equal Energy


Pioneer Southwest Energy Partners Meets on Revenues, Misses on EPS


BP succeeds in delaying damages trial
[at Financial Times] - BP has succeeded in its attempt to delay a trial over damages arising from the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, overcoming objections from the US federal government and Gulf coast ...

Parker Drilling Misses on Revenues but Beats on EPS


Legacy Reserves Beats on Both Top and Bottom Lines


Can Transocean Send Its Problems To The Bottom Of The Sea?


Has Encana Exorcised Its Demons?


Ensco Increases Sales but Misses Revenue Estimate


Concho Resources Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


Concho Resources' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Concho Resources' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Transocean Crushes Earnings Estimates


Swiss Stocks Fall as U.S. Data Disappoints; UBS Declines


Is Magnum Hunter Resources the Perfect Stock?


Rowan Companies, Inc. Earnings Call Nuggets: Newbuild Drillships Contract, Southeast Asia


Bakken Update: A Kodiak Miss Could Provide A Buying Opportunity


NOV Crosses Critical Technical Indicator


BP succeeds in delaying damages trial
[at Financial Times] - BP has succeeded in its attempt to delay a trial over damages arising from the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, overcoming objections from the US federal government and Gulf coast ...

Energy XXI (Bermuda) Limited Misses on Both Revenue and Earnings


Gulfmark Offshore Whiffs on Revenues


BP Trial Will Be in January, Louisiana AG Caldwell Says


Exxon Is Good but Halliburton Is Better Value


Dawson Geophysical pullback a buying opportunity, says Pritchard


Exterran Holdings and Exterran Partners Report First-Quarter 2012 Results
[Business Wire] - Exterran Holdings, Inc. and Exterran Partners, L.P. today reported financial results for the first quarter 2012.

Lufkin Industries Announces Second Quarter 2012 Dividend of $0.125 Per Share
[PR Newswire] - LUFKIN, Texas, May 3, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Lufkin Industries, Inc. (LUFK) announced today that the Board of Directors has declared a second quarter cash dividend of $0.125 per share on its common ...

UPDATE 1-Hornbeck Offshore posts 1st-qtr profit


Hornbeck Offshore Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
[PR Newswire] - COVINGTON, La., May 3, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. (HOS) announced today results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2012. Following are highlights for this period and ...

Baker Hughes, Inc. (BHI)


BP's $7.8 billion Gulf spill pact wins initial court OK
[Reuters] - BP Plc won preliminary court approval of an estimated $7.8 billion settlement to resolve more than 100,000 claims by individuals and businesses stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The accord ...

BP's $7.8 bln Gulf spill pact wins initial court OK


Court approves $7.8bn BP spill settlement
[at Financial Times] - BP has received preliminary approval from a court in New Orleans for its estimated $7.8bn settlement with private sector plaintiffs over damages arising from the 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster in the ...

BP Oil Spill Judge Tentatively Approves $7.8 Billion Pact


GulfMark Offshore Announces First Quarter 2012 Operating Results
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- GulfMark Offshore, Inc. today announced the results of its operations for the three-month period ended March 31, 2012. For the three months ended March 31, 2012, revenue was $87.4 million, and ...

Nabors Offers Investors Significant Valuation Upside


Halliburton and Gazprom International to Collaborate on Technical Exchange and Technology Deployment
[Business Wire] - Halliburton has signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Gazprom International for the development and implementation of new oil and gas technologies in global exp

Transocean First-Quarter Profit Falls on Maintenance Costs


Energy XXI Reinstates Quarterly Dividend on Common Shares
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Energy XXI today announced its board of directors has declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.07 per share of common stock, to be paid on June 15, 2012 to shareholders of record on ...

Energy XXI Reports Fiscal Third-Quarter Results and Provides Operations Update
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Energy XXI today announced results for the fiscal third-quarter ended March 31, 2012 and provided an operational update.

Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. (EEP) Shares Enter Oversold Territory


CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-Magellan Midstream sees a sound future for Cushing business


1 Big Energy Deal Following the Trend


A Closer Look At Cash Flow Implications Of Energy Transfer Partners' Transformative Transactions


El Paso Profit, Sales Drop Amid Kinder Morgan Buyout


Spectra Energy Selects 2012 Scholarship Recipients


Spectra Energy Selects 2012 Scholarship Recipients
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, May 3, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Spectra Energy Corp (SE) today announced ten children of company employees have been selected to receive up to $5,000 per year in scholarship funds toward undergraduate ...

NuStar May Triple Oil Rail Shipments to New Jersey Refinery


Energy Transfer Partners LP Named Top Dividend Stock With Insider Buying and 7.26% Yield


Atlas Pipeline Partners Whiffs on Revenues


Sunoco Logistics Partners Beats Up on Analysts Yet Again


[$$] El Paso Profit Rises 39%


TransMontaigne Partners L.P. Schedules Conference Call
[Business Wire] - TransMontaigne Partners L.P. today announced that management has scheduled a conference call for Tuesday, May 8, 2012 at 11:00 a.m. ET to discuss the Partnerships results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2012.

Spectra Energy Issues Sustainability Report
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, May 3, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Spectra Energy (SE) today announced its 2011 Sustainability Report is now available in both a print and online version. The report, " What's Important to ...

ONEOK Partners, L.P. Earnings Call Nuggets: Transportation Capacity, Bakken Express


1 Big Energy Deal Following the Trend


NGLs to the Rescue


El Paso Agrees to Sell All Its Oil and Gas Fields in Egypt


El Paso Corp Earnings: Sees Profit Move Up


El Paso profits climb as oil, gas output rises


El Paso Pipeline Partners Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - El Paso Pipeline Partners, L.P. is reporting today first quarter 2012 financial and operational results for the partnership.First Quarter 2012 Highlights:$0.54 earnings per common unit ...

Western Refining's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Western Refining's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Oil Falls on More Uncertain European Economic Outlook


Eagle Ford Output to Reach 500,000 by 2012 End, Klesse Says


Valero Energy Corporation Declares Regular Cash Dividend on Common Stock
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - SAN ANTONIO, May 3, 2012 - The Board of Directors of Valero Energy Corporation (VLO) has declared a regular quarterly cash dividend on the company`s common stock of $0.15 per share. The dividend ...

Tesoro Beats Expectations but Takes a Step Back Anyway


Murphy Oil Misses on Revenues but Beats on EPS


Western Refining plans El Paso turnarounds in 2013/14


Thursday 5/3 Insider Buying Report: HES, NYX


Universal Bioenergy Announces Proposal for 20% Stock Dividend to Reward Shareholders


1 Big Energy Deal Following the Trend


Bakken Rises to Premium as Tesoro Prepares for Rail Shipments


Eagle Rock Energy Partners Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


Delek US Holdings Blows Past Estimates


Murphy Oil expects to step up activity in Alberta in FY12


Murphy Oil expects to average 15,000 BOE/day in FY12


Murphy Oil says off to good start with FY12 exploration program


Murphy Oil expects weak natural gas prices in North America in near term


Sunoco, Inc. Executive Insights: Sale Process, Trucking Capacity


Marathon Oil Corp Earnings Call Nuggets: Bakken and Eagle Ford Wells, Budget Number


Delek Cut El Dorado Refinery Run After Exxon Shut Pipeline


US Cash Crude - Grades gain with wider arb


MRO Crosses Critical Technical Indicator


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.688
[3.65, 3.69, 3.69, 3.69, 3.72]

Indianapolis
3.73
[3.69, 3.73, 3.73, 3.75, 3.75]

USA Average
3.8

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
102.55

Brent Prices
116.02

