This file created: May-01 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Obama in Afghanistan, sees 'light of a new day''
BAGRAM AIR FIELD, Afghanistan (AP)  On a swift, secretive trip to the war zone, President Barack Obama declared Tuesday night that after years of sacrifice the U.S. combat role in Afghanistan is winding down just as it has already ended in Iraq. "We can see the light of a new day on the horizon," he said on the anniversary of Osama bin Laden's death.

Secret trip trickled out then the trickle stopped
WASHINGTON (AP)  It was the secret that bent but never quite fully broke.

Romney: Obama shouldn't use bin Laden in campaign
NEW YORK (AP)  Republican Mitt Romney on Tuesday accused President Barack Obama of politicizing the death of Osama bin Laden a year ago but said it was "totally appropriate" for him to claim credit for ordering the U.S. military raid that ended with the terrorist leader's death in a hideout in Pakistan.

Stinging gas sends May Day protesters fleeing
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP)  Thousands of protesters in New York demanded an end to income inequality and housing foreclosures. Police fired tear gas to disperse marchers in Oakland, Calif. And black-clad demonstrators smashed windows in Seattle.

FBI: 5 men charged in Ohio bridge bomb plot
CLEVELAND (AP)  Five men described by federal authorities as anarchists angry with corporate America and the government were charged Tuesday with plotting to bomb an Ohio bridge linking two wealthy Cleveland suburbs.

Suspect arrested in Navy veterans fundraising scam
CLEVELAND (AP)  A fugitive on the run for more than two years has been arrested on accusations that he ran a scam that collected $100 million in donations from people in dozens of states who believed they were helping U.S. Navy veterans, Ohio's attorney general and the U.S. Marshals Service announced Tuesday.

After 50 years, Cubans hope to travel freely
HAVANA (AP)  After controlling the comings and goings of its people for five decades, communist Cuba appears on the verge of a momentous decision to lift many travel restrictions. One senior official says a "radical and profound" change is weeks away.

NYC man convicted in thwarted subway bomb plot
NEW YORK (AP)  In what authorities called the most serious terror threat since the Sept. 11 attacks, a New York City man was convicted Tuesday of plotting with two of his former classmates at a Queens high school to attack the subways as suicide bombers.

AP PHOTOS: May Day protests around the world
Activists staged May Day demonstrations around the world Tuesday to recognize a day traditionally associated with labor and workers' rights.

Pettitte recalls Clemens conversation about HGH
WASHINGTON (AP)  Andy Pettitte and Roger Clemens sat some 20 feet apart, Pettitte on the witness stand and Clemens at the defense table trying to avoid going to jail. The topic: a remark about human growth hormone Pettitte recalled hearing from his longtime teammate, mentor and workout partner a dozen years ago.

In Kabul, Obama highlights foreign policy record
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama answered political taunts with presidential muscle Tuesday, making a high-profile trip to Afghanistan as Republicans said he's overdoing the celebration of Osama bin Laden's death one year ago.

Pettitte recalls Clemens conversation about HGH
WASHINGTON (AP)  Andy Pettitte and Roger Clemens sat some 20 feet apart, Pettitte on the witness stand and Clemens at the defense table trying to avoid going to jail. The topic: a remark about human growth hormone Pettitte recalled hearing from his longtime teammate, mentor and workout partner a dozen years ago.

Obama: US emerging from 'dark cloud of war'
BAGRAM AIR FIELD, Afghanistan (AP)  President Barack Obama says the U.S. is emerging from more than a decade under the "dark cloud of war," with the U.S. combat role in Afghanistan ending and the war in Iraq now over.

Suspect arrested in Navy veterans fundraising scam
CLEVELAND (AP)  A fugitive on the run for more than two years has been arrested on accusations that he ran a scam that collected $100 million in donations from people in dozens of states who believed they were helping U.S. Navy veterans, Ohio's attorney general and the U.S. Marshals Service announced Tuesday.

2 men held, questioned in Detroit escort slayings
DETROIT (AP)  Two men were held for questioning Tuesday as part of an investigation into the slayings of four Detroit women whose bodies were found in car trunks after three of them placed online escort ads, police said.

Trial begins over 2010 Mich. stabbing spree attack
FLINT, Mich. (AP)  A woman held the cremated remains of her slain brother in court Tuesday as she watched jury selection in the first murder trial stemming from a series of knife attacks that shocked a Michigan city two years ago.

Secret trip trickled out then the trickle stopped
WASHINGTON (AP)  It was the secret that bent but never quite fully broke.

Officer shoots, wounds teen outside Texas school
PASADENA, Texas (AP)  A police officer told investigators Tuesday that he shot a 14-year-old boy suspected in the overnight break-in of a Houston-area classroom after believing the teenager was reaching for a gun.

Feds examine response to Montana sexual assaults
MISSOULA, Mont. (AP)  The U.S. Justice Department has opened an investigation into the way Missoula police, prosecutors and the University of Montana have responded to reports of sexual assault and harassment after the federal agency learned of complaints that cases were not being properly handled.

South Dakota man to plead guilty in grudge killing
MADISON, S.D. (AP)  A 73-year-old South Dakota man accused of fatally shooting his long-ago classmate will plead guilty but mentally ill to a second-degree murder charge, his attorney said Tuesday.

Obama in Afghanistan, sees 'light of a new day''
BAGRAM AIR FIELD, Afghanistan (AP)  On a swift, secretive trip to the war zone, President Barack Obama declared Tuesday night that after years of sacrifice the U.S. combat role in Afghanistan is winding down just as it has already ended in Iraq. "We can see the light of a new day on the horizon," he said on the anniversary of Osama bin Laden's death.

Army mortar shells kill 10 in Syrian village
BEIRUT (AP)  Syrian forces fired mortar shells into a farming village Tuesday, killing 10 people, among them two young children, and sending panicked residents running for cover, activists said.

After 50 years, Cubans hope to travel freely
HAVANA (AP)  After controlling the comings and goings of its people for five decades, communist Cuba appears on the verge of a momentous decision to lift many travel restrictions. One senior official says a "radical and profound" change is weeks away.

Workers express anger, gloom, elation on May Day
MADRID (AP)  On the front lines of the world's May Day protests this year, along with the traditional chants, banners and marches, a gamut of emotions flowed through the crowds: Anger. Fear. Elation. Despair.

Blind lawyer strikes a popular chord in China
BEIJING (AP)  The blind activist at the center of a diplomatic tussle between the U.S. and China did not set out to be a dissident. Chen Guangcheng taught himself law to defend the constitutional rights he saw trampled so often.

UK lawmakers: Rupert Murdoch unfit to lead company
LONDON (AP)  A committee of British lawmakers called Rupert Murdoch unfit to run his global media empire  a finding that reflects just how deeply the phone hacking scandal born of his defunct News of the World has shaken the relationship between the press and politics.

France fetes Joan of Arc's 600th birthday
ORLEANS, France (AP)  The normally tranquil city of Orleans is buzzing with festivities over the next two weeks to mark the 600th birthday of one of France's best cultural exports: Joan of Arc.

Chen's escape shames officials, but breaks no law
BEIJING (AP)  Dissident lawyer Chen Guangcheng was being held under house arrest illegally, activists say, and his only offense in escaping may have been to embarrass local officials bent on punishing him for exposing forced abortions.

Junta takes camp in Mali capital, claims control
BAMAKO, Mali (AP)  After fierce fighting in Mali's capital Tuesday, troops loyal to the junta overran the main camp of the soldiers who tried to oust them in a countercoup.

Sarkozy fighting for his future, likely to lose
PARIS (AP)  President Nicolas Sarkozy is the underdog, and he knows it. Not a single poll has predicted he will win re-election on Sunday, and leading figures in his government are already lining up new jobs.

Gingrich to soon be an ex-presidential candidate
WASHINGTON (AP)  A presidential candidate no longer, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich departs the race for the White House as likely the most consequential and certainly the most interesting Republican of his time never to sit in the Oval Office.

Romney: Obama shouldn't use bin Laden in campaign
NEW YORK (AP)  Republican Mitt Romney on Tuesday accused President Barack Obama of politicizing the death of Osama bin Laden a year ago but said it was "totally appropriate" for him to claim credit for ordering the U.S. military raid that ended with the terrorist leader's death in a hideout in Pakistan.

AdWatch: Obama ad says Romney sent jobs overseas
WASHINGTON (AP)  TITLE: "Swiss Bank Account"

Romney's gay national security spokesman resigns
WASHINGTON (AP)  Mitt Romney's national security spokesman resigned Tuesday after critics questioned his conservatism because he is gay.

Group stirring independent WH bid hits obstacle
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP)  A group clearing the path for an independent White House bid on Tuesday canceled the first phase of its search for a bipartisan ticket because declared and draft candidates aren't mustering enough preliminary support.

THE RACE: Romney has some hard choices to make
Not only must Mitt Romney pick a running mate, he also needs to decide which former rivals he'll invite to speak at the Republican National Convention in Tampa in August  if any. It won't be an easy decision.

Gingrich thanks campaign supporters in new video
NEW YORK (AP)  Newt Gingrich thanked supporters Tuesday, a day before he officially leaves the Republican presidential race, and pledged to work hard to prevent the "genuine disaster" he says would come from re-electing President Barack Obama.

Santorum wants promises from Romney before backing
WASHINGTON (AP)  Rick Santorum wants to ensure the GOP's policy platform represents conservatives' interests. Newt Gingrich wants help retiring his campaign debt and repairing his reputation.

Supreme Court ratings down in Pew poll
WASHINGTON (AP)  A new survey finds the Supreme Court's popularity is at a 25-year low, though still much higher than that of Congress.

Obama, Romney offer classic choices on big issues
WASHINGTON (AP)  For the better part of a year, Mitt Romney has tethered himself to an array of positions designed for the Republican presidential primaries, stances that put him to the right of where he's been through much of his career and raise questions about where he really wants to go. President Barack Obama's politicking has tacked to the left, thanks to all those speeches to Democratic fundraisers and other activist-heavy events that play up the liberal in him.

US factory growth shows economy more resilient
WASHINGTON (AP)  U.S. manufacturing grew last month at the fastest pace in 10 months, suggesting that the economy is healthier than recent data had indicated.

Dow Jones average hits highest mark since '07
NEW YORK (AP)  The fastest growth in U.S. manufacturing in 10 months gave stocks a lift Tuesday and pushed the Dow Jones industrial average to its highest close in more than four years.

Workers express anger, gloom, elation on May Day
MADRID (AP)  On the front lines of the world's May Day protests this year, along with the traditional chants, banners and marches, a gamut of emotions flowed through the crowds: Anger. Fear. Elation. Despair.

Chesapeake's McClendon to give up chairman post
NEW YORK (AP)  Chesapeake Energy founder Aubrey McClendon was stripped of his chairmanship role Tuesday following shareholder complaints that his personal business interests could conflict with those of the company he runs.

UK lawmakers: Rupert Murdoch unfit to lead company
LONDON (AP)  A committee of British lawmakers called Rupert Murdoch unfit to run his global media empire  a finding that reflects just how deeply the phone hacking scandal born of his defunct News of the World has shaken the relationship between the press and politics.

BlackBerry-maker RIM unveils prototype
TORONTO (AP)  Research In Motion's new chief executive unveiled a newly-designed BlackBerry smartphone prototype powered by a re-imagined operating system the very software the company has pinned its future on.

Feds cite issues behind massive Southwest blackout
SAN DIEGO (AP)  Federal energy regulators on Tuesday blamed inadequate planning and lack of grid coordination for a massive blackout last year that started with the loss of a single transmission line at an Arizona substation and quickly affected millions of people in Southern California and Mexico's Baja California.

Fed says retailers paying a lot less in debit fees
WASHINGTON (AP)  Retailers are paying significantly less every time a customer swipes a debit card under a rule capping the fees that banks are allowed to charge.

CBS 1Q beats Street on digital, overseas sales
LOS ANGELES (AP)  CBS Corp. on Tuesday said its net income grew 80 percent in the first quarter, as revenue surged on digital licensing deals for its TV shows and overseas sales of reruns.

Sears anticipates returning to a profit in 1Q
HOFFMAN ESTATES, Ill. (AP)  Sears Holdings Corp.'s stock jumped Tuesday after the retailer said it expects to post a first-quarter profit because of a large gain from the sale of some U.S. and Canadian stores.

CBS 1Q beats Street on digital, overseas sales
LOS ANGELES (AP)  CBS Corp. on Tuesday said its net income grew 80 percent in the first quarter, as revenue surged on digital licensing deals for its TV shows and overseas sales of reruns.

BlackBerry-maker RIM unveils prototype
TORONTO (AP)  Research In Motion's new chief executive unveiled a newly-designed BlackBerry smartphone prototype powered by a re-imagined operating system the very software the company has pinned its future on.

Wall Street Journal remains No. 1 US newspaper
NEW YORK (AP)  U.S. newspapers reported a slight increase in circulation the past year as more readers purchased digital subscriptions, according to a media industry group.

UK lawmakers: Rupert Murdoch unfit to lead company
LONDON (AP)  A committee of British lawmakers called Rupert Murdoch unfit to run his global media empire  a finding that reflects just how deeply the phone hacking scandal born of his defunct News of the World has shaken the relationship between the press and politics.

Facebook to make it easier to become organ donor
NEW YORK (AP)  Facebook wants to help you share your organs.

Louis C.K., Bjork among Webby Awards winners
NEW YORK (AP)  When Louis C.K. released his comedy special "Live at the Beacon Theater" by himself on his website for $5, it was little more than a cautiously optimistic experiment.

Groupon replaces 2 directors
CHICAGO (AP)  Online deals company Groupon Inc. said Monday that it will replace two board members with executives from American Express Co. and accounting firm Deloitte LLP.

Ex-AOL exec calls Facebook new 'walled garden'
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. (AP)  A former AOL executive says Facebook has a lot in common with the one-time online powerhouse.

B&N, Microsoft team up on Nook, college businesses
NEW YORK (AP)  Books and bits united Monday as Microsoft provided an infusion of money to help Barnes & Noble compete with top electronic bookseller Amazon. In exchange, Microsoft gets a long-desired foothold in the business of e-books and college textbooks.

Jury begins deliberations in Oracle-Google trial
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  A jury has started deliberations in a closely watched copyright infringement trial pitting Oracle against Google.

Dolphin spends third day in California wetlands
HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. (AP)  A wayward dolphin is spending a third straight day in a narrow wetlands channel along the Southern California coast, under the watchful eyes of wildlife experts.

Holstein with mad cow disease was lame, lying down
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  The California dairy cow found to have mad cow disease was very old for a milk producer and had been euthanized after it became lame and started lying down, federal officials revealed in their latest update on the discovery.

Space shuttle arrives in NYC; crowds watch in awe
NEW YORK (AP)  In a city understandably wary of low-flying aircraft, New Yorkers and tourists alike watched with joy and excitement Friday as space shuttle Enterprise sailed over the skyline on its final flight before it becomes a museum piece.

Soyuz craft carrying three-man crew lands safely
ALMATY, Kazakhstan (AP)  A Soyuz space capsule carrying two Russians and an American touched down safely Friday on the sweeping steppes of central Kazakhstan, ending the men's 163-day stay on the International Space Station.

Rare Philippine turtles returned by Hong Kong
MANILA, Philippines (AP)  Turtles represent longevity and good luck, and that's certainly true for 18 rare smuggled turtles that were returned from Hong Kong to their native Philippines.

Student researcher spies odd lava spirals on Mars
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A researcher has spotted lava flows shaped like coils of rope near the equator of Mars, the first time such geologic features have been discovered outside of Earth.

Study: Ancient migrants spread farming in Europe
NEW YORK (AP)  Thousands of years ago, farming spread across Europe and replaced the hunter-gatherer lifestyle of early inhabitants. Now a study of ancient DNA says that trend was driven by farmers moving from place to place.

Meteorites found in Calif. along path of fireball
RENO, Nev. (AP)  Robert Ward has been hunting and collecting meteorites for more than 20 years, so he knew he'd found something special in the Sierra foothills along the path of a flaming fireball that shook parts of Northern California and Nevada with a sonic boom over the weekend.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Cobalt presses on with Angola oil venture
[at Financial Times] - Cobalt International Energy has said it intends to press ahead with its promising Angolan oil venture despite revelations that three of the country's most powerful officials have held concealed interests ...

Houston American Energy Corp. Lawsuit Deadline of June 26, 2012, Announced by Shareholder Rights Firm Gilman Law LLP
[Marketwire] - NAPLES, FL-- - The Leading National Securities Law Firm Gilman Law LLP announces that a Securities Fraud Lawsuit has commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas against ...

Chesapeake first-quarter natgas output steady, says cuts to continue


UPDATE 1-Chesapeake Q1 natgas output steady, says cuts to continue


Sunpeaks Ventures Files Defamation Lawsuit


Chesapeake Q1 natgas output steady, says cuts to continue


Investors Analyze These 5 Energy Stocks With Earnings on the Horizon


Chesapeake narrows 1Q loss on jump in revenue


Suncor Energy shareholders approve all resolutions at Annual General Meeting
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Suncor Energy held its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in Calgary today. A total of approximately 1.055 billion shares were represented in person or by proxy.During the regular ...

Summary Box: Dow hits highest mark since '07


Chesapeake Far Too Risky for Retail Investors


Cobalt International Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Cobalt International Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Houston American Energy Shareholder Alert  the Briscoe Law Firm and Powers Taylor, LLP Announce Investigation of the Officers and Directors of Houston American Energy Corp. for Possible Breaches of Fiduciary Duties
[Business Wire] - Former United States Securities and Exchange Commission attorney Willie Briscoe, founder of The Briscoe Law Firm, PLLC, and the securities litigation firm of Powers Taylor, LLP announce that the firms are investigating legal claims against the officers and Board of Directors of Houston American Energy Corp.

Chesapeake to replace McClendon as chairman


[video] Chesapeake Energy Shares Drop 2% on Earnings Miss
[at CNBC] - The Fast Money traders weigh in on the trade on CHK, and Timothy Rezvan, Sterne Agee analyst, breaks down the disappointing numbers on Chesapeake Energy, reporting Q1 EPS of $0.18 ex-items vs. FactShet ...

Chesapeake Energy Corp Earnings: Loss Narrows


TEXT-S&P affirms Rosetta Resources


Comstock Resources' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Comstock Resources' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Memorial Production Partners LP Announces Closing of Oil and Gas Properties
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Memorial Production Partners LP announced today that it has closed its previously announced acquisition of oil and natural gas properties in East Texas and North Louisiana, from an undisclosed ...

UPDATE 1-Exco posts surprise profit


Big Miss for Chesapeake Earnings


Chesapeake narrows loss, plans more spending cuts


Freedom From Gazprom Tempts Ukraine as Exxon Hunts Shale: Energy


After CEO Shame, Chesapeake Stricken With Losses


Los Angeles Gasoline Strengthens to Two-Month High on Shutdowns


Chesapeake first-quarter natgas output steady, says cuts to continue


UPDATE 1-Chesapeake Q1 natgas output steady, says cuts to continue


Canada's Northwest Territories open to LNG option


Employee dies after fall at Phillips refinery


Chesapeake's McClendon to give up chairman post


Chevron Corp (CVX): Today's Featured Basic Materials Winner


How Will Dodd-Frank Impact Oil Companies?


Chevron Tops U.S. Big Oil Contingent


Chevron Tops U.S. Big Oil Contingent


[$$] Phillips 66 Seeks to Double Fuel Exports


Chesapeake Drops on Earnings Miss


Chesapeake Release Raises Many More Questions


BP Might Be The Best Dividend Stock To Buy Now: High-Yield Plus Capital Gains Potential


Three Reasons you should Consider ExxonMobil Long Term


COP Crosses Above 4% Yield Territory


Valero Marches Ahead of Consensus


Exxon: Shut pipe not affecting Baton Rouge refinery production


Conoco's new chief plans culture shake-up
[at Financial Times] - ConocoPhillips, the US oil and gas production company that has just demerged its refining and chemicals business, needs to change its culture to take advantage of its new status, its chief executive has ...

Samson Oil & Gas Operational Advisory
[Business Wire] - Samson Oil & Gas Limited provides advice on its current projects.

BPZ Energy to Host First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- BPZ Energy, (BPZ - News), an independent oil and gas exploration and production company, today announced it will host a conference call and webcast to discuss first quarter 2012 financial and operational ...

Energy Stocks Generating Action Ahead of Earnings Reports


Rex Energy Corp Earnings: Revenue Strengthens for Fifth Straight Quarter by Double Digits


Atwood Oceanics Announces Second Quarter Earnings
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, May 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Atwood Oceanics, Inc., announced today that the Company earned net income of $59.5 million or $0.90 per diluted share, on revenues of $171.6 million for the quarter ...

Rex Energy sees Q2 production 6166 MMcfe/d


TEXT-Fitch affirms Unit Corp's ratings at 'BB'


Halcon Resources Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON, TEXAS -- Halcon Resources Corporation (HK - News) ("Halcon Resources" orthe "Company") today announced plans to release its first quarter2012 financial results on Tuesday, May ...

Rex Energy Exceeds High-End of Production Guidance and Increases Full-Year 2012 Guidance
[GlobeNewswire] - STATE COLLEGE, Pa. -- Rex Energy Corporation today announced its first quarter 2012 operational and financial results as well as second quarter 2012 and revised full year 2012 guidance.

MarkWest Announces Annual Meeting of Common Unitholders and Investor Conference
[Business Wire] - MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P. announced today that its 2012 Annual Meeting of Common Unitholders will be held on Friday, June 1, 2011, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern time at the

Unit Corporation's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Unit Corporation's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Bakken Update: Why Halcon Resources Bought One Of My Top Stocks For 2012


4-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: Enerplus


Pengrowth Energy Corporation Announces Conference Call and Timing of Release of First Quarter, 2012 Results
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Pengrowth Energy Corporation is pleased to announce its first quarter 2012 financial and operating results will be released on Wednesday, May 2, 2012 after markets close. Pengrowth ...

Is The Enerplus Dividend Sustainable?


Barnes and Noble and the Efficient Markets Hypothesis
[at Forbes] - Felix Salmon tells us that the roller coaster movement of Barnes and Noble shares tells us something about efficient markets: or not. The problem is that I'm not quite sure that Felix has entirely internalised what the efficient markets hypothesis is trying to tell us. You think markets are [...]

5-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: Ensco


Helmerich & Payne Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


Ex-Div Reminder for BreitBurn Energy Partners LP


PSE Ex-Dividend Reminder


Worthington Energy Completes Phase I of D Bar Acquisition


BP Spill Trial Shouldnt Be Delayed by Settlement, U.S. Says


Get Ready for the Bounce


Alabama urges no delay in BP oil spill trial


Warren's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Warren's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

BP Trial Shouldnt Be Delayed by Settlement, Alabama Says


A Hidden Reason Dril-Quip's Future Looks Bright


FTI Makes Bullish Cross Above Critical Moving Average


5 Diverse Companies Worth Buying Today


Cal Dive International Whiffs on Revenue


Don't Get Too Worked Up Over Core Laboratories' Latest Numbers


Warren Resources Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial and Operating Results
[GlobeNewswire] - NEW YORK -- Warren Resources, Inc. today reported its first quarter 2012 financial and operating results. Warren reported net income of $3.8 million, or $0.05 per basic and diluted share (including a loss ...

Oil States Launches Innovative Line of Water-Cooled Brakes
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - CoolForce(TM) technology features unique removable jacket insert for faster rebuilds. HOUSTON, May 1, 2012: Oil States International, Inc. (OIS) announced today that its subsidiary, Oil States Industries, ...

Oil States Launches its Newest High-Capacity Nautilus Marine Crane
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - New 500-ton Nautilus  7000L marine crane to meet the high-capacity needs inclusive of the plug & abandonment and wind generation markets. HOUSTON, May 1, 2012: Oil States Industries, Inc. announced today, ...

HAL: Undervalued by at Least 33%


Schlumberger Limited, Tesco Corporation - M&A Call


Schlumberger Limited, Tesco Corporation - M&A Call
[at Seeking Alpha] - Schlumberger Limited, Tesco Corporation - M&amp;A Call

Weir Sees International Fracking Market Doubling in Three Years


UPDATE 1-Cal Dive loss wider than expected


Cal Dive Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[Business Wire] - Cal Dive International, Inc. reported a first quarter 2012 loss of $24.3 million, or $.26 per diluted share. This compares to a net loss of $18.7 million, or $.20 per diluted share for first quarter 2011.

Halliburton Receives Award at OTC for Innovative Sand Control Technology
[Business Wire] - Halliburton has been recognized by the 2012 Offshore Technology Conference's Spotlight on New Technologies program for its EquiFlow autonomous inflow control device .

Baker Hughes Inc. (BHI): Today's Featured Basic Materials Winner


FMC Technologies Completes Acquisition of Control Systems International
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- FMC Technologies, Inc. (FTI) announced today that it has completed the acquisition of Control Systems International, Inc. (CSI).CSI is a leading supplier of ...

Spectra Energy Corp. - Shareholder/Analyst Call
[at Seeking Alpha] - Spectra Energy Corp. - Shareholder/Analyst Call

Energy Transfer to Acquire Sunoco


ONEOK Announces First-quarter 2012 Financial Results; Reaffirms 2012 Earnings Guidance
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., May 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) today announced first-quarter 2012 earnings of $1.16 per diluted share, compared with $1.19 per diluted share for the same period last ...

[$$] Kinder Morgan Says FTC Approves El Paso Deal


ONEOK Partners Announces Higher First-quarter 2012 Financial Results; Reaffirms 2012 Earnings Guidance
[PR Newswire] - TULSA, Okla., May 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ONEOK Partners, L.P. (OKS) today announced first-quarter 2012 earnings of $0.91 per unit, compared with $0.58 per unit on a split-adjusted basis for the ...

DCP Midstream Partners Announces New Members to Its Board of Directors
[Business Wire] - DCP Midstream GP, LLC, the general partner of DCP Midstream Partners, LP , or the General Partner, announced the appointments of Greg G. Maxwell and Timothy G. Taylor as Phillips 66s representatives and R.

TEXT-Fitch affirms DCP Midstream Partners at 'BBB-'


FTC approves Kinder Morgan-El Paso deal


New York Gasoline Rises After Futures Switch to June Contract


UPDATE 1-Kinder Morgan wins U.S. approval to buy El Paso


Forbes Earnings Preview: Spectra Energy


Kinder Morgan receives FTC approval for pending El Paso acquisition


Kinder Morgan Receives FTC Approval for Pending El Paso Acquisition
[Business Wire] - Kinder Morgan, Inc. today announced it has received approval for its pending acquisition of El Paso Corporation from the Federal Trade Commission , subject to the previously announced divestiture of certain Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, L.P.

Kinder Morgan Purchase of El Paso Cleared With Conditions


Kinder Morgan wins U.S. approval to buy El Paso


Enbridge Disappoints in 1Q


FTC requires Kinder Morgan to sell Rocky Mountain pipelines as merger condition


FTC requires Kinder Morgan to sell Rocky Mountain pipelines as merger condition


Update on Shale Gas Revolution, pt. 2


CANADA STOCKS-TSX rises on China data, Suncor earnings


Genesis Energy Beats on the Top Line


[$$] Argentina Hurts the Peso


Tesoro prepared to run refineries if strike by USW -CEO


[$$] Bolivia Seizes Spanish Power Firm


KiOR to Announce First Quarter 2012 Financial Results on May 14, 2012
[Business Wire] - KiOR, Inc. , a next-generation renewable fuels company, announced today its first quarter 2012 earnings conference call is scheduled for Monday, May 14, 2012 at 10:00 a.m.

CVR Partners Q1 Highlights


[$$] Refiners Catch a Whiff of Investor Interest


Los Angeles Gasoline Strengthens to Two-Month High on Shutdowns


Valero Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Valero Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Energy Stocks Generating Action Ahead of Earnings Reports


UPDATE 1-CVR Energy 1st-qtr beats Street


Delek US Holdings Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend
[Business Wire] - Delek US Holdings, Inc. , a diversified energy company with assets in the petroleum refining, marketing, supply and retail industries, today announced that its Board of D

[$$] Repsol Upside Is Seen After YPF Seizure


HollyFrontier Corp (HFC): Today's Featured Basic Materials Loser


Law Office of Brodsky & Smith, LLC Announces Investigation of Sunoco, Inc.
[Business Wire] - Law office of Brodsky & Smith, LLC announces that it is investigating potential claims against the Board of Directors of Sunoco, Inc relating to the proposed acquisition by Energy Transfer Partners, L.P.

CVR Energy Reports 2012 First Quarter Results
[PR Newswire] - SUGAR LAND, Texas, May 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- CVR Energy, Inc. (CVI), a refiner and marketer of petroleum fuels and a majority owner of a nitrogen fertilizer products manufacturer, today reported ...

CVR Partners Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[PR Newswire] - SUGAR LAND, Texas, May 1, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- CVR Partners, LP (UAN), a manufacturer of ammonia and urea ammonium nitrate (UAN) solution fertilizer products, today announced first quarter 2012 net ...

Icahn inks deal on CVR Energy tender offer


UPDATE 2-Marathon does not favor reversing Capline oil line for now


World Fuel Services Corporation Reports First Quarter Results
[Business Wire] - World Fuel Services Corporation , a leading global fuel logistics company, principally engaged in the marketing, sale and distribution of aviation, marine and land fuel products and related services, today reported first quarter net income of $46.4 million or $0.65 diluted earnings per share compared to $41.1 million or $0.58 diluted earnings per share in the first quarter of 2011.

Power Solutions International to Report First Quarter 2012 Financial Results on Monday, May 14th
[GlobeNewswire] - WOOD DALE, Ill. -- Power Solutions International, Inc. announced today that it will release financial results for the first quarter of 2012 after the market closes on Monday, May 14, 2012. An investor ...

New York Gasoline Rises After Futures Switch to June Contract


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.644
[3.62, 3.65, 3.65, 3.65, 3.65]

Indianapolis
3.738
[3.72, 3.74, 3.74, 3.74, 3.75]

USA Average
3.8

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
105.87

Brent Prices
119.66

