This file created: March-05 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Obama, Netanyahu talk unity, underline differences
WASHINGTON (AP)  Taking sharply different stands, President Barack Obama on Monday urged pressure and diplomacy to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear bomb while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu emphasized his nation's right to a pre-emptive attack. Even in proclaiming unity, neither leader gave ground on how to resolve the crisis.

Super Tuesday showdown: Romney-Santorum big day
WASHINGTON (AP)  On the eve of their Super Tuesday showdown, Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum strained for an edge in Ohio on Monday and braced for the 10 primaries and caucuses likely to redefine the race for the Republican presidential nomination.

Young NC children survive direct twister strike
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP)  When Latonya Stevens heard thunder and lightning in the distance, she knew the drill. Every time a storm drew near, her children would run to her room seeking comfort.

Baby dropped in field by tornado buried in Indiana
SALEM, Ind. (AP)  A 15-month-old Indiana girl who clung to life for two days after being scooped up by a tornado that killed her parents and two siblings was buried Monday in a snow-covered cemetery, a poignant end to what had seemed to be a miracle story of survival.

Syrian refugees in Lebanon recount terror
QAA, Lebanon (AP)  Syrian refugees fleeing to neighboring Lebanon on Monday said they feared they would be slaughtered in their own homes as government forces hunted down opponents in a brutal offensive against the opposition stronghold of Homs.

Holder gives legal defense for al-Awlaki killing
WASHINGTON (AP)  Attorney General Eric Holder said Monday the decision to kill a U.S. citizen living abroad who poses a terrorist threat "is among the gravest that government leaders can face," but justified lethal action as legal and sometimes necessary to combat terrorism.

Riot police break up anti-Putin protest in Moscow
MOSCOW (AP)  An attempt by Vladimir Putin's foes to protest his presidential election victory by occupying a Moscow square ended Monday with riot police quickly dispersing and detaining hundreds of demonstrators  a stark reminder of the challenges faced by Russia's opposition.

Condoms now required for Los Angeles porn actors
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Actors in many of the adult films made in the nation's porn capital must use condoms under a law that took effect Monday, but the prophylactic police aren't yet on the case.

'Lorax' rakes in the green with $70.2M debut
LOS ANGELES (AP)  The environmental fable "Dr. Seuss' The Lorax" grew mightily during its opening weekend, taking in $70.2 million for the biggest debut of the year by far, according to final studio figures Monday. The 3-D animated comedy from Universal Pictures is based on the beloved children's book and features the voices of Danny DeVito, Zac Efron and Taylor Swift.

US man in webcam case spoke of 'viewing party'
NEW BRUNSWICK, New Jersey (AP)  A former Rutgers University student accused of using a webcam to spy on his roommate's intimate encounter with another man said someone at Rutgers was planning a "viewing party" with beer and rum to watch the dorm room liaison, a high school friend testified Monday.

Obama, Netanyahu talk unity, underline differences
WASHINGTON (AP)  Taking sharply different stands, President Barack Obama on Monday urged pressure and diplomacy to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear bomb while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu emphasized his nation's right to a pre-emptive attack. Even in proclaiming unity, neither leader gave ground on how to resolve the crisis.

APNewsBreak: GOP leader suggests force vs. Iran
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Senate Republican leader said Monday the United States should use overwhelming military force against Iran if American intelligence shows that Tehran has decided to build a nuclear weapon or it has started to enrich uranium to weapons-grade level, a bold call certain to reverberate in U.S.-Israeli talks about how to deal with an emboldened Iran.

Baby dropped in field by tornado buried in Indiana
SALEM, Ind. (AP)  A 15-month-old Indiana girl who clung to life for two days after being scooped up by a tornado that killed her parents and two siblings was buried Monday in a snow-covered cemetery, a poignant end to what had seemed to be a miracle story of survival.

Young NC children survive direct twister strike
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP)  When Latonya Stevens heard thunder and lightning in the distance, she knew the drill. Every time a storm drew near, her children would run to her room seeking comfort.

Limbaugh says his apology to student was sincere
WASHINGTON (AP)  Radio host Rush Limbaugh said his apology to the Georgetown law student he called a "slut" was sincere but also joked that he, too, got a busy signal Monday when he called the show to join the growing roster of advertisers abandoning it.

Muslims at rally: NYPD surveillance keeps us safe
NEW YORK (AP)  Members of an Islamic coalition stood in front of police headquarters with signs to support the New York Police Department's aggressive counterterrorism efforts, saying the agency is doing what is necessary to protect the city  and Muslims.

Even mild concussions can cause lingering symptoms
CHICAGO (AP)  Children with even relatively mild concussions can have persistent attention and memory problems a year after their injuries, according to a study that helps identify which kids may be most at risk for lingering symptoms.

Holder gives legal defense for al-Awlaki killing
WASHINGTON (AP)  Attorney General Eric Holder said Monday the decision to kill a U.S. citizen living abroad who poses a terrorist threat "is among the gravest that government leaders can face," but justified lethal action as legal and sometimes necessary to combat terrorism.

GOP prez candidates facing unexpected headwinds
WASHINGTON (AP)  It's not a happy time for Republicans seeking the White House.

US officials: Not quite so many Gitmo re-offenders
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Director of National Intelligence said Monday that far fewer detainees released from Guantanamo Bay rejoined terrorist activities than previously reported.

Riot police break up anti-Putin protest in Moscow
MOSCOW (AP)  An attempt by Vladimir Putin's foes to protest his presidential election victory by occupying a Moscow square ended Monday with riot police quickly dispersing and detaining hundreds of demonstrators  a stark reminder of the challenges faced by Russia's opposition.

Syrian refugees in Lebanon recount terror
QAA, Lebanon (AP)  Syrian refugees fleeing to neighboring Lebanon on Monday said they feared they would be slaughtered in their own homes as government forces hunted down opponents in a brutal offensive against the opposition stronghold of Homs.

Pilati says adieu to Yves Saint Laurent
PARIS (AP)  Emotions were high Monday as Stefano Pilati bid adieu to Yves Saint Laurent, just a week after the house announced his departure as creative director.

UN says 2011 disasters were costliest ever
UNITED NATIONS (AP)  The economic cost of disasters in 2011 was the highest in history  with a pricetag of at least $380 billion, mainly due to earthquakes in Japan and New Zealand, a U.N. envoy said Monday.

Argentina to open museum dedicated to Falklands
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP)  President Cristina Fernandez says a new museum dedicated to the Falklands Islands will honor Argentine marines killed trying to reclaim them from Britain 30 years ago.

Prince Harry in Jamaica for Queen's Jubilee tour
KINGSTON, Jamaica (AP)  Prince Harry arrived in Jamaica's capital Monday for a four-day visit amid a push by the country's new prime minister to sever ties with the British monarchy and turn the page on its colonial past.

Egyptian lawmaker out by a nose
CAIRO (AP)  A lawmaker from Egypt's most conservative Islamist party resigned from parliament after he was caught lying to cover up a nose job, claiming the injuries to his heavily bandaged face were from a carjacking and beating.

Biden meets with Mexican presidential candidates
MEXICO CITY (AP)  U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said Monday that all three of Mexico's major presidential candidates share the same vision of continued cooperation with the United States.

Iceland's ex-PM tells court he is innocent
REYKJAVIK, Iceland (AP)  A former prime minister of Iceland on Monday rejected charges he failed to adequately protect his country's economy from financial shocks, as he took the stand in the first criminal trial of a world leader to result from the 2008 financial crisis.

140 dead in al-Qaida attack on Yemen army
SANAA, Yemen (AP)  Sneaking across the desert behind army lines, al-Qaida militants launched a surprise attack against military bases in south Yemen, killing 107 soldiers and capturing heavy weapons they later used to kill more troops, officials said on Monday.

Super Tuesday showdown: Romney-Santorum big day
WASHINGTON (AP)  On the eve of their Super Tuesday showdown, Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum strained for an edge in Ohio on Monday and braced for the 10 primaries and caucuses likely to redefine the race for the Republican presidential nomination.

GOP prez candidates facing unexpected headwinds
WASHINGTON (AP)  It's not a happy time for Republicans seeking the White House.

House incumbents squaring off in 11 primaries
WASHINGTON (AP)  Veteran Democratic Reps. Dennis Kucinich and Marcy Kaptur have been friends for years, but their bruising Ohio primary fight has been anything but friendly.

Limbaugh says his apology to student was sincere
WASHINGTON (AP)  Radio host Rush Limbaugh said his apology to the Georgetown law student he called a "slut" was sincere but also joked that he, too, got a busy signal Monday when he called the show to join the growing roster of advertisers abandoning it.

Obama, Netanyahu talk unity, underline differences
WASHINGTON (AP)  Taking sharply different stands, President Barack Obama on Monday urged pressure and diplomacy to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear bomb while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu emphasized his nation's right to a pre-emptive attack. Even in proclaiming unity, neither leader gave ground on how to resolve the crisis.

Pentagon says military will still air Limbaugh
WASHINGTON (AP)  A Pentagon spokesman says the military's network will continue to air Rush Limbaugh's radio program.

Holder gives legal defense for al-Awlaki killing
WASHINGTON (AP)  Attorney General Eric Holder said Monday the decision to kill a U.S. citizen living abroad who poses a terrorist threat "is among the gravest that government leaders can face," but justified lethal action as legal and sometimes necessary to combat terrorism.

Cantor: GOP beginning to 'coalesce' for Romney
WASHINGTON (AP)  House Majority Leader Eric Cantor says Republicans are coalescing around Mitt Romney's candidacy and looking for ways to work together to defeat President Barack Obama.

Mass. GOP pinning hopes on a Romney primary win
BOSTON (AP)  Massachusetts Republicans are hoping that a big win for former Gov. Mitt Romney in the state's presidential primary could put Massachusetts, normally a lock for Democrats, up for grabs in November.

What's so super about Tuesday? 419 GOP delegates
WASHINGTON (AP)  Super? Maybe not this time. But it is a Tuesday, one with the biggest payout of the Republican presidential primaries.

States finding tough climate for gas tax proposals
ANNAPOLIS, Md. (AP)  As if gas prices weren't high enough, several states across the U.S. are looking to raise fuel taxes they say are needed to pay for roads and bridges that are outdated, congested and in some cases, dangerous.

EPA heightens scrutiny over Pa. gas drilling
DIMOCK, Pa. (AP)  Tugging on rubber gloves, a laboratory worker kneels before a gushing spigot behind Kim Grosso's house and positions an empty bottle under the clear, cold stream. The process is repeated dozens of times as bottles are filled, marked and packed into coolers.

Merck: FDA won't OK its combo cholesterol drug now
TRENTON, N.J. (AP)  Federal regulators have rejected Merck & Co.'s new combination cholesterol drug, which includes a generic version of the mega-blockbuster Lipitor  at least for now.

Stocks edge lower on worries about China, Greece
NEW YORK (AP)  Two signs of trouble elsewhere in the world pushed U.S. stocks lower: slowing economic growth in China and a possible hitch in a deal to get Greece its bailout money.

US service firms grow at fastest pace in a year
WASHINGTON (AP)  U.S. service companies expanded in February at the fastest pace in a year, helped by a rise in new orders and job growth.

US factory orders fell 1 percent in January
WASHINGTON (AP)  U.S. factory orders fell in January by the most in 15 months after businesses sharply reduced orders for machinery and equipment.

Key investors sign up for Greek bond swap
BRUSSELS (AP)  A dozen banks, insurers and investment funds holding Greece's bonds will participate in a massive debt relief plan for the country, the group representing the private creditors said Monday as the deadline for the deal draws near.

Pump prices rise again, oil prices steady
The average price at the gas pump pushed toward $3.80 per gallon Monday as oil prices remained stubbornly high because of tensions tied to Iran's nuclear program.

Limbaugh advertisers keep heading for the exits
Rush Limbaugh's mouth is taking a bite out of his wallet.

AP sources: FBI's News Corp. probe heads to Russia
NEW YORK (AP)  The FBI is investigating whether a Russian billboard company once owned by media giant News Corp. bribed local officials to get sign placements approved, part of a growing probe of Rupert Murdoch's company that stems from a scandal in the U.K.

2 UK accused of stealing Jackson music from Sony
LONDON (AP)  Two men have been charged in Britain with hacking into Sony Music's computers and stealing music, the company and British police said Monday. A person familiar with the situation said the hackers had obtained unreleased Michael Jackson tracks.

Abu Dhabi gets full ownership of chip manufacturer
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP)  The Abu Dhabi government on Monday agreed to acquire full control of Advanced Micro Devices Inc.'s former microchip manufacturing unit, though AMD will remain a key customer.

Bankruptcy threat to iPad trademark challenger
SHANGHAI (AP)  A major creditor of Proview Electronics, which is challenging Apple Inc.'s use of the iPad trademark, has moved to have the ailing computer monitor maker liquidated, reports said Monday.

US prosecutors file for extradition of Kim Dotcom
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP)  Federal prosecutors in the United States have filed papers in New Zealand seeking the extradition of Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom and three of his colleagues, whom they accuse of making a fortune by helping Internet users share files illegally.

Libraries protest Random House price hike
NEW YORK (AP)  The American Library Association is urging Random House Inc. to reconsider its steep increases in the price of e-books for library wholesalers

Apple's app store reaches 25 billion downloads
CUPERTINO, California (AP)  More than 25 billion apps have been downloaded from Apple's app store.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Resolute Energy Corporation Provides Production and Cost Guidance; Announces 2012 Capital Budget; Reports 2011 Reserves and Production
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, March 5, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Resolute Energy Corporation ("Resolute" or the "Company") (NYSE: REN - News) today announced its 2012 capital budget and issued guidance concerning anticipated ...

[$$] China Giant Tested at Home


Genie Energy to Announce Transition Period Results on March 13th
[Business Wire] - Genie Energy Ltd., a leading independent retail energy provider and a developer of unconventional energy projects, will announce financial results for its five-month tr

SM Energy Announces Executive Appointment
[Business Wire] - SM Energy Company today announces that it has appointed Herbert S. Vogel as Senior Vice President -- Portfolio Development and Technical Services, effective as of March 12, 2012.

Callon Petroleum Company Announces Fourth Quarter, Full Year 2011 Results Reporting Date and Conference Call
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - Natchez, MS (March 5, 2012)--Callon Petroleum Company (NYSE: CPE - News) today announced its fourth quarter and full year 2011 results of operations will be released on Wednesday afternoon, March 14, 2012. A ...

CANADA STOCKS-TSX falls as China sparks demand fears


Continental Resources, Inc. Announces Pricing of $800 Million Offering of Senior Notes
[PR Newswire] - OKLAHOMA CITY, March 5, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Continental Resources, Inc. ("Continental" or the "Company") (NYSE: CLR - News) announced today the pricing of its private placement of $800 million ...

US Cash Crude-Grades mixed on fluctuating arbitrage


Oil creeps toward top of Asia's economic worry list


Proof The Bears Are Wrong About Chesapeake, Natural Gas


Lucas Energy Announces Production Update for February 2012
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Lucas Energy, Inc. (NYSE Amex:LEI) an independent oil and gas company (the "Company" or "Lucas"), today announced that the Company had average gross production, from operated ...

Gastar Exploration Announces Expanded Credit Facility
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 5, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Gastar Exploration Ltd. (NYSE Amex: GST) announced today that the Borrowing Base under its Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility has been confirmed by the lending ...

Chesapeake Energy Corporation Declares Quarterly Common and Preferred Stock Dividends
[Business Wire] - Chesapeake Energy Corporation today announced that its Board of Directors has declared a $0.0875 per share quarterly dividend that will be paid on April 30, 2012 to common shareholders of record on April 16, 2012.

Talisman Energy Inc. Files Year-End Disclosure Documents
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Talisman Energy Inc. has today filed with Canadian securities authorities: -- Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2011, with related Management's Discussion and Analysis; and-- Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2011.In ...

Forget The CPI: Use This Index And Profit From This Sector


3 Under-the-Radar E&Ps


Drilling Shifts From Gas Toward Liquids-Rich Areas - Philip H. Weiss - Argus Research Company


Here Are Four Ways to Play High Gas Prices: Analyst


Is the Utica Shale the Next Major Play?


US Cash Crude-Fluctuating arb holds grades mostly steady


Goodrich Petroleum to Present at Upcoming Conferences
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 5, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Goodrich Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: GDP - News) today announced the Company's management team will present at the following conferences in March of 2012.The Company's ...

[video] No Huddle Offense: GM Gets Nat Gas


Final Glance: Oil companies


ConocoPhillips CEO Sees Spinoff Phillps 66 Trading May 1


UPDATE 1-Conoco to shut Washington refinery for overhaul -sources


UPDATE 1-Chicago gasoline rallies on Enbridge line shutdown


US WCoast Products-Gasoline jumps on refinery work


ConocoPhillips Expects $10 Billion of Asset Sales in 2012


US Cash Products-Chicago gasoline rallies on pipeline outage


Halliburton Is Trading At Deep Discount To Historical Value And Analysts' Price Targets


Conoco to shut Washington refinery for overhaul -sources


BP Part II: How To Trade The Settlement


Increased Use Of Enhanced Oil-Recovery Techniques Is The Top Technology Trend In Oil And Gas, Moving Some Wells To 40% or 45% Resource Use; Find Out More In This Exclusive Interview With Analyst Philip Weiss At Argus Research


Demand For High-End, Horizontal Drilling Rigs Will Stay At Presents Highs, Due To Retirement Of Older Vertical-Only Models; Customers Willing To Wait Until Well Into 2013 For New Rigs, Says Analyst At Argus Research


Deepwater Oil Drilling Picks Up Again as BP Disaster Fades


The World's Biggest Oil Reserves


Does BP Deal Finally Put Gulf Disaster Behind It?


US Cash Products-Low Chicago diesel basis attracts buyers


[$$] Wringing Risk Out of BP


[video] Sell BP!: Against the Grain


Midday Glance: Oil companies


BP Shares Climb After Friday's Gulf Spill Settlement


Enerplus to present at the FirstEnergy/Societe Generale East Coast Energy Conference


Key Energy Services Priced its $200 million Private Placement of 6.750% Senior Notes Due 2021
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 5, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Key Energy Services, Inc. (NYSE: KEG - News) priced its previously announced private placement of $200 million in aggregate principal amount of its 6.750% Senior Notes due ...

Halcon Resources Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Financial Results
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Halcon Resources Corporation ("Halcon Resources" or the "Company") today announced its fourth quarter and full year 2011 financial results and provided guidance on its production, ...

PSE Makes Bullish Cross Above Critical Moving Average


Recent Performance Review Of 7 Canadian Oil And Gas Equities


Deepwater Is An Exciting Place To Be In Oil And Gas, Says Analyst At Argus Research; New Basins Are Being Discoveries In West Africa, Asia, And New Gas Discoveries Are To Be Found In Mozambique And Israel; Find Out More In This Exclusive In


With New Drilling Technologies Coming Into Play, Big Names Like Exxon (XOM) Are Playing It Slow, While Pure Exploration And Production Are Taking A Faster Route Out Of Need For Cash Flow, Says Analyst At Argus Research; Find Out More In Thi


TEXT-S&P affirms Key Energy 'BB-' rating


SeaDrill: Don't Worry About Quarterly EPS Loss, Company Strongly Positioned For Growth


Statoil to Boost Output with Cat J


[$$] Wringing Risk Out of BP


TEXT-S&P revises Bill Barrett recovery rating to 4


BP Shares Gain on Gulf of Mexico Spill Settlement: London Mover


SeaDrill Limited Goes Red


BRIEF-Moody's rates new Bill Barrett senior notes B1


American Liberty Petroleum and Dejour Energy Benefit From Surging Crude Prices
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - Oil prices have risen roughly eleven percent this year as global demand is high and supplies have been disrupted in south Sudan, Syria and elsewhere. The strong upswing in oil prices is ...

Oil Stocks Outperforming the Market as Crude Prices Surge
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - Oil prices have risen roughly eleven percent this year as global demand is high and supplies have been disrupted in south Sudan, Syria and elsewhere. The strong upswing in oil prices is ...

Oil Prices Skyrocket -- Legend Oil & Gas and Samson Oil & Gas Look to Profit
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - Oil prices have risen roughly eleven percent this year as global demand is high and supplies have been disrupted in south Sudan, Syria and elsewhere. The strong upswing in oil prices is ...

Shares of Whiting Petroleum and Royale Energy Surge as Oil Prices Spike
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - Oil prices have risen roughly eleven percent this year as global demand is high and supplies have been disrupted in south Sudan, Syria and elsewhere. The strong upswing in oil prices is ...

BPZ Energy Releases 2011 Reserve Estimates and Provides Operational Update
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- BPZ Energy (BVL:BPZ - News), an independent oil and gas exploration and production company, today provided an update on reserve estimates and operations.

North American Energy Partners Responds to Recent Downgrades by Moody's and Standard and Poor's
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - North American Energy Partners Inc. today issued an update on the current business environment in response to the recent downgrades that were announced by Moody's and Standard and ...

Halliburton 2012 First Quarter Conference Call
[Business Wire] - Halliburton will host a conference call on Wednesday, April 18, 2012, to discuss the first quarter 2012 financial results. The call will begin at 8:00 AM Central Time (

Halliburton Is Trading At Deep Discount To Historical Value And Analysts' Price Targets


[$$] Natural Gas Holds Above Decade Low


Cal Dive International wins $46 million contract


Forget The CPI: Use This Index And Profit From This Sector


Does BP Deal Finally Put Gulf Disaster Behind It?


Oil Fluctuates on Iran Tension, China Growth


Fracking 101


Petrofac upbeat despite dip in orders backlog
[at Financial Times] - Petrofac, the oil and gas services company, played down a lull in its backlog of orders by insisting it was on track to win more business and meet its ambition to double earnings in the five years to 2015....

BP Shares Gain on Gulf of Mexico Spill Settlement: London Mover


TEXT-Fitch: Tesco jobs plan will lure back some customers


Snag This Cheap Energy Stock Even Lower Than Director Kinnear Did


CGG Veritas Whiffs on Earnings


BP Rises, Oilfield Services Names Fall


NYMEX-Natural gas sinks 4 pct; storage, weather weigh


US natural gas sinks 4 pct; storage, weather weigh


BP shares rise on Gulf settlement news


Cal Dive Awarded 2nd Pemex Contract for 2012
[Business Wire] - Cal Dive International, Inc. announced today that it has been awarded a contract by Pemex Exploracin y Produccin for the installation of a 20 inch subsea pipeline located in the Abkatun Pol Chuc Field in 73 meters of water.

UPDATE 1-Iraq oil output over 3 mln bpd; first time in decades


Iraq Crude Output at Highest Since 1979, Oil Minister Says


Finding High Yield In Energy Partnerships


U.S. watchdog finds deficiencies in BDO audits


TEXT-S&P raises Williams Cos ratings


Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. Announces Public Offering of Common Units
[Business Wire] - Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. announced today that it has commenced, subject to market conditions, an underwritten public offering of 5,000,000 of its common units representing limited partner interests.

Targa Resources Partners LP to Participate in the Morgan Stanley MLP and Diversified Natural Gas Corporate Access Event and Posts Updated Investor Presentation to Web
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Targa Resources Partners LP ("Targa Resources Partners" or the "Partnership") announced today that management will participate in the Morgan Stanley MLP and Diversified Natural ...

US Cash Products-Chicago gasoline rallies on pipeline outage


[video] On Wall Street, Shenanigans, They Are a Plenty


Pump prices rise again, oil prices steady


UPDATE 3-El Paso delays vote on Kinder Morgan deal


It's Time for Wall Street To Wash Its Dirty Dishes


6 High Yielding MLPs For Your Portfolio


Sunoco Logistics: A Good Long-Term Play?


US Cash Products-Low Chicago diesel basis attracts buyers


Pump prices rise again; oil prices waver


El Paso delays vote on Kinder Morgan deal


El Paso Delays Vote on Kinder Morgan Deal (by a Few Days)


El Paso delays vote on Kinder Morgan deal


UPDATE 1-El Paso delays vote on Kinder Morgan deal


Cash Dividend On The Way From Williams Cos


Here's Why Spectra Energy's Earnings Are Worse Than They Look


Goldman on Conflicts? We'll Manage


El Paso postpones shareholder meeting


Western Refining to Participate in Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2012 Refining Conference
[GlobeNewswire] - EL PASO, Texas -- Western Refining, Inc. announced today that Company management will present at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2012 Refining Conference in New York City, New York. The presentation ...

US Cash Crude-Grades mixed on fluctuating arbitrage


Chesapeake Energy Corporation Declares Quarterly Common and Preferred Stock Dividends
[Business Wire] - Chesapeake Energy Corporation today announced that its Board of Directors has declared a $0.0875 per share quarterly dividend that will be paid on April 30, 2012 to common shareholders of record on April 16, 2012.

Will Refiners Benefit From This Pipeline?


US Cash Crude-Fluctuating arb holds grades mostly steady


Even After Recent Run, Hess Has Considerable Upside.


Sinopec finds oil, gas field in Brazil, Xinhua reports


Valero Energy Corporation to Participate in the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Refining Conference
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - SAN ANTONIO, March 5, 2012 -- Valero Energy Corporation (NYSE: VLO - News) today announced that Bill Klesse, Chairman and CEO of Valero Energy Corporation, will present at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Refining ...

Valero: L.A. refinery units at or near planned rates


Has HollyFrontier Become the Perfect Stock?


Universal Bioenergy Announces it Starts Full Operations of Whitesburg Coal Mine


InterOil to Present at Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference


InterOil to Present at Raymond James 33rd Annual Institutional Investors Conference
[PR Newswire] - PORT MORESBY and HOUSTON, Texas, March 5, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- InterOil Corporation (NYSE:IOC - News) (POMSoX:IOC - News) ("InterOil") today announced that Mr. Wayne Andrews, Vice President Capital Markets, ...

Chesapeake Midstream Partners, L.P. (CHKM): Zacks Rank Buy


Alon reports hydrotreater malfunction -filing


Six Reasons To Pick Up This 7.5% Yielder From The Shale Patch


Argentina's Santa Cruz province sets deadline for YPF


This Refining Stock Is Going Places


[$$] Argentine Province Gives YPF Production Ultimatum


Delek reports FCC regenerator malfunction at Texas refinery


Why Next Winter's Heat Could Be Costly in New York


Argentina rebuffs Spain in YPF dispute
[at Financial Times] - Argentina has bluntly told Madrid not to meddle in YPF, its biggest company and former oil monopoly, even though it is controlled by Spain's Repsol (NYSE:REPYY.PK - News).

==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.72
[3.69, 3.72, 3.73, 3.73, 3.73]

Indianapolis
3.78
[3.77, 3.77, 3.78, 3.79, 3.79]

USA Average
3.72

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
107.19

Brent Prices
123.8

