This file created: April-29 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
China activists lifted by blind lawyer's escape
BEIJING (AP)  The surprising escape of a blind legal activist from house arrest to the presumed custody of U.S. diplomats is buoying China's embattled dissident community even as the government lashes out, detaining those who helped him and squelching mention of his name on the Internet.

Obama, Bill Clinton team up at Va. fundraiser
WASHINGTON (AP)  Former President Bill Clinton says President Barack Obama has "beaten the clock" to help the economy recover, telling Democratic donors he deserves to be re-elected.

Rescuer finds shattered debris in boat wreck
ENSENADA, Mexico (AP)  A 37-foot racing yacht was reduced to debris that looked it "like it had gone through a blender," a searcher said Sunday after the boat apparently collided with a larger vessel, killing three sailors and leaving a fourth missing.

SUV plunges off NY road into zoo grounds; 7 killed
NEW YORK (AP)  Authorities say an out-of-control SUV plunged off a highway into a ravine on the grounds of the Bronx Zoo in New York City, killing seven people aboard, including three children.

US special forces help in hunt for warlord Kony
OBO, Central African Republic (AP)  Deep in the jungle, this small, remote Central African village is farther from the coast than any point on the continent. It's also where three international armies have zeroed in on Joseph Kony, one of the world's most wanted warlords.

More families building their own tornado shelters
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP)  When deadly twisters chewed through the South and Midwest in 2011, thousands of people in the killers' paths had nowhere to hide. Now many of those families are taking an unusual extra step to be ready next time: adding tornado shelters to their homes.

AP Photos: NYC's tallest buildings through history
NEW YORK (AP)  When it comes to New York's skyscrapers, who's king of the hill and top of the heap?

NBA schedule probably not to blame for Rose injury
The NBA's compressed schedule, with 66 games in four months followed by one day off before the playoffs, was tough on everyone.

AP source: UK Olympic doping ban declared illegal
LONDON (AP)  Sprinter Dwain Chambers and cyclist David Millar will be eligible to compete for Britain at the London Games after the country's lifetime Olympic ban for doping offenders was found to be unlawful by sports' top court.

St. Louis tent collapse raises safety questions
ST. LOUIS (AP)  St. Louis officials are expected to more closely scrutinize the large tents commonly set up near downtown stadiums after one of the temporary structures collapsed in high winds Saturday, resulting in the death of an Illinois man and dozens of injuries after a baseball game.

AP Photos: NYC's tallest buildings through history
NEW YORK (AP)  When it comes to New York's skyscrapers, who's king of the hill and top of the heap?

Obama aide mum on whether US protecting activist
WASHINGTON (AP)  A top White House aide on Sunday said President Barack Obama wants to strike an "appropriate balance" between advancing human rights and maintaining U.S. relations with China, the first public comments by the administration on its potential involvement in harboring a Chinese activist on the eve of diplomatic talks between the two world powers.

SUV plunges off NY road into zoo grounds; 7 killed
NEW YORK (AP)  Authorities say an out-of-control SUV plunged off a highway into a ravine on the grounds of the Bronx Zoo in New York City, killing seven people aboard, including three children.

Dolphin spends third day in California wetlands
HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. (AP)  A wayward dolphin is spending a third straight day in a narrow wetlands channel along the Southern California coast, under the watchful eyes of wildlife experts.

More families building their own tornado shelters
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP)  When deadly twisters chewed through the South and Midwest in 2011, thousands of people in the killers' paths had nowhere to hide. Now many of those families are taking an unusual extra step to be ready next time: adding tornado shelters to their homes.

St. Louis tent collapse raises safety questions
ST. LOUIS (AP)  St. Louis officials are expected to more closely scrutinize the large tents commonly set up near downtown stadiums after one of the temporary structures collapsed in high winds Saturday, resulting in the death of an Illinois man and dozens of injuries after a baseball game.

Rescuer finds shattered debris in boat wreck
ENSENADA, Mexico (AP)  A 37-foot racing yacht was reduced to debris that looked it "like it had gone through a blender," a searcher said Sunday after the boat apparently collided with a larger vessel, killing three sailors and leaving a fourth missing.

Police blow Wash. mountain bunker, find man dead
NORTH BEND, Wash. (AP)  Peter Keller spent eight years carving his hole in the side of the mountain, camouflaging the rugged underground bunker with ferns and sticks and stocking it with a generator and ammunition boxes sealed in Ziploc bags. Suspected in the deaths of his wife, daughter and pets last weekend, he headed there prepared for the long haul with high-powered rifles, scope and body armor.

1 year later, Ala residents recall deadly twisters
People across Alabama are remembering the horror of a deadly twister outbreak a year ago that left more than 250 people dead. Memorials have been held in the college town of Tuscaloosa and smaller communities still struggling to rebuild since April 27, 2011. Empty lots and debris still remain in many areas lain to waste after 62 tornadoes tore through the state.

Romney, Secret Service, GOP: Obama mocks them all
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama scattered the barbs during the annual White House Correspondents' Association dinner as he poked fun at White House races past and present, the Secret Service and Donald Trump.

21 killed in north Nigeria church service attacks
KANO, Nigeria (AP)  Gunmen attacked worship services at a university campus and a church Sunday in northern Nigeria, killing at least 21 people in coordinated assaults that saw panicked Christians gunned down as they tried to flee, witnesses and officials said.

Support from locals seen as key to capturing Kony
GULU, Uganda (AP)  Adye Sunday isn't sure about the calls to kill or capture Lord's Resistance Army leader Joseph Kony. Though the elusive warlord abducted her when she was 13 and forced her to be one of his dozens of "wives," the 25-year-old says he's also the father of her two children.

Captive British aid worker killed in Pakistan
QUETTA, Pakistan (AP)  The body of a British Red Cross worker held captive in Pakistan since January was found in an orchard Sunday, his throat slit and a note attached to his body saying he was killed because no ransom was paid, police said.

US special forces help in hunt for warlord Kony
OBO, Central African Republic (AP)  Deep in the jungle, this small, remote Central African village is farther from the coast than any point on the continent. It's also where three international armies have zeroed in on Joseph Kony, one of the world's most wanted warlords.

China activists lifted by blind lawyer's escape
BEIJING (AP)  The surprising escape of a blind legal activist from house arrest to the presumed custody of U.S. diplomats is buoying China's embattled dissident community even as the government lashes out, detaining those who helped him and squelching mention of his name on the Internet.

Head of UN mission in Syria urges halt to violence
BEIRUT (AP)  The head of the U.N. observer mission in Syria on Sunday called on President Bashar Assad and the country's opposition to stop fighting and allow a tenuous cease-fire to take hold.

Colombia: missing journalist wounded in arm
BOGOTA, Colombia (AP)  A French journalist who went missing during combat between Colombian troops and leftist rebels suffered a bullet wound in the left arm during the firefight, Colombia's defense minister said Sunday.

Israeli prime minister explores early elections
JERUSALEM (AP)  In a political development with global implications, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday signaled he soon might call early elections  a decision that could put Mideast peace efforts on hold for months and cast more uncertainty on Israel's deliberations over whether to attack Iran's nuclear program.

Sudan declares emergency on border with south
KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP)  Sudan declared a state of emergency Sunday in areas bordering South Sudan, giving authorities wide powers of arrest a day after they detained three foreigners in a flashpoint town along the frontier.

Gadhafi funding claim weighs on French campaign
PARIS (AP)  French President Nicolas Sarkozy on Sunday fiercely denied that he was offered campaign funding from late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi, as new challenges piled up against him a week ahead of the country's presidential runoff.

Obama, Bill Clinton team up at Va. fundraiser
WASHINGTON (AP)  Former President Bill Clinton says President Barack Obama has "beaten the clock" to help the economy recover, telling Democratic donors he deserves to be re-elected.

Romney says Chinese activist should be protected
WASHINGTON (AP)  Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney says the U.S. should do everything it can to protect a Chinese activist who escaped house arrest and was reported to be hiding in the U.S. embassy in Beijing.

Romney, Secret Service, GOP: Obama mocks them all
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama scattered the barbs during the annual White House Correspondents' Association dinner as he poked fun at White House races past and present, the Secret Service and Donald Trump.

Romney shakes up the strategy, tones down rhetoric
WESTERVILLE, Ohio (AP)  Mitt Romney's Etch A Sketch moment is at hand.

PROMISES, PROMISES: Romney pledges raise questions
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is making campaign promises that could produce an economic miracle  or a more predictable list of broken vows.

Obama flashing executive power in election year
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama, flashing his executive power in an election year, is promoting measures to safeguard veterans and members of the military against unscrupulous college recruiters.

Rubio campaign fined for improper contributions
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Senate campaign of Florida Republican Marco Rubio has agreed to pay an $8,000 fine for accepting slightly more than $210,000 in improper contributions.

For Obama, bin Laden killing becomes campaign tool
WASHINGTON (AP)  The killing of Osama bin Laden, first presented as a moment of national unity by President Barack Obama, has become something else: a political weapon.

Obama makes health care appeal to female voters
WASHINGTON (AP)  Casting his re-election along gender lines, President Barack Obama told hundreds of female supporters Friday that Republicans seem determined to meddle in women's health decisions in ways that are "appalling, offensive and out of touch."

Suddenly Someone: Finding fleeting political fame
WASHINGTON (AP)  Wanna be famous?

Pall Corp selling some blood transfusion assets
PORT WASHINGTON, N.Y. (AP)  Filtration equipment manufacturer Pall Corp. has agreed to sell certain operations and equipment used in blood transfusions to health care company Haemonetics Corp. for about $550 million.

UK's Cameron: No pact with Murdoch over takeover
LONDON (AP)  Prime Minister David Cameron acknowledged Sunday that he wooed Rupert Murdoch as he attempted to win power in Britain, but insisted he never struck a tit-for-tat deal to support the media mogul's business dealings in return for favorable coverage.

Report: Apple legally sidesteps billions in taxes
NEW YORK (AP)  A published report says Apple Inc. uses subsidiaries in Ireland, the Netherlands and other low-tax nations as part of a strategy that enables the technology giant to cut its global tax bill by billions of dollars every year.

Thousands protest health, education cuts in Spain
MADRID (AP)  Tens of thousands of people across Spain protested Sunday against education and health care spending cuts as the country slid into its second recession in three years.

Spain restores border checks ahead of ECB meeting
LA JONQUERA, Spain (AP)  Spain temporarily restored border checks in its northeast and at two major airports early Saturday in a bid to discourage protesters entering the country ahead of a European Central Bank meeting in Barcelona.

German opposition says EU treaty likely delayed
BERLIN (AP)  German Chancellor Angela Merkel's refusal to amend a European treaty on fiscal discipline with measures to promote growth in struggling EU countries might delay the deal's ratification in Germany, an opposition leader said.

China and Russia sign contracts worth $15 billion
MOSCOW (AP)  Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang has announced the signing of contracts between China and Russia worth a total of $15 billion.

'Avengers' hurtles to $178.4M overseas debut
LOS ANGELES (AP)  The superhero saga "The Avengers" lived up to its blockbuster buzz with $178.4 million in overseas ticket sales days before it opens in U.S. theaters.

Obama flashing executive power in election year
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama, flashing his executive power in an election year, is promoting measures to safeguard veterans and members of the military against unscrupulous college recruiters.

Dubai spends $250M to get full control of Atlantis
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP)  Dubai says it now has full control of the Atlantis resort hotel perched atop its palm-shaped island.

Pirate party makes a raid on German politics
BERLIN (AP)  Pirates are capturing Germany's political system.

Samsung coyness puts smartphone crown in dispute
NEW YORK (AP)  Smartphones are the hottest gadgets in the world. But who's the biggest smartphone maker? We don't really know.

FCC requires TV stations to post rate info online
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Federal Communications Commission has voted to require TV stations to post online the advertising rates they charge political candidates and advocacy groups.

Amazon, Texas reach deal to settle sales tax spat
AUSTIN, Texas (AP)  Online retailer Amazon.com reached an agreement with Texas officials Friday to settle a sales tax dispute by expanding operations in the state and starting to collect sales taxes.

Eastman Kodak 1Q loss widens
NEW YORK (AP)  Eastman Kodak Co. said Friday that its first-quarter loss widened on hefty charges related to its reorganization under bankruptcy protection and a drop in sales.

Yahoo escalates patent battle with Facebook
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Yahoo is bringing out more artillery in its patent battle with Facebook.

Smartphones fuel Samsung profit to record
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  A surge in Galaxy smartphone sales fueled earnings at Samsung Electronics to a record high in the first quarter, usually a tough season for the global consumer electronics industry, outshining handset rivals such as Nokia Corp.

Zynga investors worry about growth, shares slump
NEW YORK (AP)  Shares of Zynga Inc. declined further on Friday, even after the online game maker reported first-quarter results that surpassed Wall Street's expectations. Nervous investors are looking for any signs of a slowdown for the young company, which completed its initial public offering in December.

Lawmakers optimistic about cyber bill prospects
WASHINGTON (AP)  House Republicans and Democrats expressed optimism Friday about sending a cybersecurity bill to President Barack Obama this year despite significant disagreements with the Senate and the White House.

Hubbub over content rights greets Google Drive
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Google CEO Larry Page recently wrote that he hopes to show the company is "deserving of great love." But the Internet search leader may need to win more trust, based on the suspicions swirling around Google Drive, a new online storage service for personal documents, photos and other content.

Dolphin spends third day in California wetlands
HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. (AP)  A wayward dolphin is spending a third straight day in a narrow wetlands channel along the Southern California coast, under the watchful eyes of wildlife experts.

Holstein with mad cow disease was lame, lying down
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  The California dairy cow found to have mad cow disease was very old for a milk producer and had been euthanized after it became lame and started lying down, federal officials revealed in their latest update on the discovery.

Space shuttle arrives in NYC; crowds watch in awe
NEW YORK (AP)  In a city understandably wary of low-flying aircraft, New Yorkers and tourists alike watched with joy and excitement Friday as space shuttle Enterprise sailed over the skyline on its final flight before it becomes a museum piece.

Soyuz craft carrying three-man crew lands safely
ALMATY, Kazakhstan (AP)  A Soyuz space capsule carrying two Russians and an American touched down safely Friday on the sweeping steppes of central Kazakhstan, ending the men's 163-day stay on the International Space Station.

Rare Philippine turtles returned by Hong Kong
MANILA, Philippines (AP)  Turtles represent longevity and good luck, and that's certainly true for 18 rare smuggled turtles that were returned from Hong Kong to their native Philippines.

Student researcher spies odd lava spirals on Mars
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A researcher has spotted lava flows shaped like coils of rope near the equator of Mars, the first time such geologic features have been discovered outside of Earth.

Study: Ancient migrants spread farming in Europe
NEW YORK (AP)  Thousands of years ago, farming spread across Europe and replaced the hunter-gatherer lifestyle of early inhabitants. Now a study of ancient DNA says that trend was driven by farmers moving from place to place.

Meteorites found in Calif. along path of fireball
RENO, Nev. (AP)  Robert Ward has been hunting and collecting meteorites for more than 20 years, so he knew he'd found something special in the Sierra foothills along the path of a flaming fireball that shook parts of Northern California and Nevada with a sonic boom over the weekend.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
[$$] Overheard


3 Oil And Gas Stocks To Buy Now Instead Of Chesapeake


Heat, Thunder, Bulls, Magic Win in First Games of NBA Playoffs


Noble Energy Outruns Estimates Again


Law Office of Brodsky & Smith, LLC Announces Investigation of GeoResources, Inc.
[PR Newswire] - BALA CYNWYD, Pa., April 28, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Law office of Brodsky & Smith, LLC announces that it is investigating potential claims against the Board of Directors of GeoResources, Inc. ("GeoResources" ...

Debt-Free Dividend Paying Trusts


3 Reasons To Consider EXCO Resources


Exclusive: Chesapeake board member lent money to CEO McClendon
[Reuters] - As Chesapeake Energy Corp.'s board of directors moves to distance itself from loans taken by CEO Aubrey McClendon, documents reviewed by Reuters show that at least one former board member had undisclosed ...

Sunpeaks Ventures Signs Advertising Agreement for Clotamin with CBS Radio WFAN 660AM


Suncor's Growth Story


Cabot's New Pipeline Project Will Drive Stock Higher Into 2013


Pomerantz Law Firm Has Filed a Class Action Against Houston American Energy Corp. -- HUSA
[GlobeNewswire] - NEW YORK -- Pomerantz Haudek Grossman & Gross LLP has filed a federal securities class action (12-cv-01332) in the United States District Court, Southern District of Texas, on behalf of all persons who ...

Nexen Our Favorite Pick Among 5 Candidates


EXCO Resources: Deep Value Or Deep Trouble?


Exclusive: Chesapeake board member lent money to CEO McClendon
[Reuters] - As Chesapeake Energy Corp.'s board of directors moves to distance itself from loans taken by CEO Aubrey McClendon, documents reviewed by Reuters show that at least one former board member had undisclosed ...

Quicksilver Resources Announces First-Quarter 2012 Earnings Call
[Marketwire] - FORT WORTH, TX-- - Quicksilver Resources Inc. today announced the company expects to release first-quarter 2012 earnings on Tuesday, May 8, 2012, before the market opens. The company will host a conference ...

Suncor Energy Inc (SU): Today's Featured Basic Materials Winner


Chesapeake Bars Executives From Well Deals That Enriched Chief


Apache: This Oil & Gas King Will Hit $135 By 2014


Chesapeake Energy plugs blown oil well leaking gas


5 Reasons Why Chesapeake Shares Should Be Sold


How Chesapeake Energy Can Be Saved (From Itself): Opinion


Transocean evacuates Brazil rig, no oil spilled


Exxon Joliet refinery starts up unit -filing


Energy Business Review: Exxons Fresh Dividend, Chevron Earnings


Exxon Mobil: New Highs On Utica Shale, Rosneft In 2013


[$$] Four Killed in Colombia Rebel Attack


ExxonMobil Makes 'Eenie, Meenie, Miney, Mo' Obsolete


4 Things to Watch When Chesapeake Reports Results


Buy This Oil Stock Now While The Price Is Low


Repsol Considers Sale of 10% in Brazil Unit, Economista Says


Chevron Is A Great Dividend Stock


1 Fat Dividend Just Got Fatter


Chevron Misses Forecasts Despite Higher Oil Prices


In Alaska, plan to cut oil taxes hits a wall


Oil price, margin lift Chevron


Chevron sticks with oil. And it pays off.


Final Glance: Oil companies


GDP Growth Slows As Investment Falls; Consumers Solid
[Investor's Business Daily] - Full content sent to and hosted by Yahoo!General NewsHealth & MedicineIndustry SnapshotNew Issue AmericaReal EstateTop 10Feature StoryInvestor's Corner

Analyst Moves: MDRX, OXY
[at Forbes] - Allscripts (MDRX) was downgraded today from buy to hold by Jefferies (JEF) with a price target of $10.50 due weak bookings and poor operating results. Shares are lower by about 35.5 percent. Occidental Petroleum (OXY) today had its estimates lowered by UBS (UBS) as the company has been facing increasing costs, as [...]

Analyst Moves: MDRX, OXY
[at Forbes] - Allscripts (MDRX) was downgraded today from buy to hold by Jefferies (JEF) with a price target of $10.50 due weak bookings and poor operating results. Shares are lower by about 35.5 percent. Occidental Petroleum (OXY) today had its estimates lowered by UBS (UBS) as the company has been facing increasing costs, as [...]

Chevron Quarterly Profit Misses Estimates as Output Falls


UPDATE 1-Union, Exxon scrap over refinery contract, safety


Chevron Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Chevron Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Transocean Evacuates Rig in Rio de Janeiro, Agencia Brasil Says


Patterson-UTI Energy Beats on Both Top and Bottom Lines


SeaDrill: Well-Positioned To Take Advantage Of Rising Offshore Dayrates


ExxonMobil Makes 'Eenie, Meenie, Miney, Mo' Obsolete


Shallow Water Drilling = Big Losses


Shallow Water Drilling = Big Losses


Shallow Water Drilling = Big Losses


Will SeaDrill Benefit From the "Super Spike" in Dayrates?


Will SeaDrill Benefit From the "Super Spike" in Dayrates?


Will SeaDrill Benefit From the "Super Spike" in Dayrates?


Law Office of Brodsky & Smith, LLC Announces Investigation of GeoResources, Inc.
[PR Newswire] - BALA CYNWYD, Pa., April 28, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Law office of Brodsky & Smith, LLC announces that it is investigating potential claims against the Board of Directors of GeoResources, Inc. ("GeoResources" ...

Drilling for Deep Sea Gold


This Just In: More Upgrades and Downgrades


NOBLE/BRIEF (URGENT)


Shallow Water Drilling = Big Losses


KEG Stock Crowded With Sellers


Chesapeake Bars Executives From Well Deals That Enriched Chief


Patterson-UTI Beats Estimates


Key Energy shares fall on 1Q results, 2012 outlook


What to Watch for When Kodiak Reports Results


Will SeaDrill Benefit From the "Super Spike" in Dayrates?


The Gory Details on Hercules Offshore's Double Miss


CARBO Ceramics Misses Where It Counts


Superior Energy Services Beats on Both Top and Bottom Lines


Newpark Resources Increases Sales but Misses Revenue Estimate


TGC Industries Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule
[PR Newswire] - PLANO, Texas, April 10, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- TGC Industries, Inc. (TGE) today announced plans to release its first quarter 2012 financial results on Monday, April 30, 2012 before the market opens. ...

Even After Its Pop Friday, This Driller Has Further Upside


Will These Energy Stocks Bounce Back?


Cameron Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- In conjunction with Cameron's (CAM) Second Quarter earnings release, you are invited to listen to its conference call that will be broadcast live over the ...

Weatherford International Ltd (WFT): Today's Featured Basic Materials Loser


BRIEF - Moody's disclosures on credit ratings for Baker Hughes


GIFI Crosses Above Key Moving Average Level


Oil States International's CEO Discusses 1Q 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Oil States International's CEO Discusses 1Q 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Carbo Ceramics Stock Crowded With Sellers


Why Newpark Resources Shares Got Crushed


Schlumberger's Stock by the Numbers


Why Oil States International Shares Jumped


Superior Energy Services' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Superior Energy Services' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

13 Dividend Stocks With Buy Ratings From Canaccord Genuity


Weekly US oil, gas rig count down by 27 to 1,945


Gulf Island Fabrication posts 1Q profit


Why the Street Should Love Core Laboratories' Earnings


The Morning Leverage: Executing An Exit Strategy


Holly Energy Partners First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Webcast
[PR Newswire] - DALLAS, April 12, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Holly Energy Partners (HEP) plans to announce results for its quarter ended March 31, 2012 on April 30, 2012, before the opening of trading on the NYSE. The ...

Enbridge Has A Strong Dividend Payout But Shares Aren't Cheap


4 Stocks to Energize Your Portfolio


Noble: A Solid Play in Energy


DCP Midstream Partners Declares Increase in Quarterly Distribution
[Business Wire] - DCP Midstream Partners, LP today announced that the board of directors of its general partner declared a quarterly cash distribution of $0.66 per unit for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.

Williams Companies Misses on Revenues but Beats on EPS


Kinder Morgans Platte Pipeline 85% Oversubscribed for May


Kinder Morgan rations no space on Express in May


Oiltanking Partners LP Goes Ex-Dividend Soon


Has Buckeye Partners Become the Perfect Stock?


A Covered Call To Take Advantage Of Plains All American Pipeline's Dividend


FERC Approves Northwest Pipeline Pre-filed Rate Settlement
[Business Wire] - Williams Partners L.P. announced today that its Northwest Pipeline system received approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission on a pre-filed rate settlement

TC Pipelines Looks Very Attractive


Take Advantage Of Energy Transfer Partners' Incredible Yield


TEXT-S&P rates Kinder Morgan new debt 'BB'


Delayed deals cut Evercore earnings
[at Financial Times] - Evercore, the independent investment bank, posted disappointing earnings for the first quarter after three big deals failed to close and expenses crept higher.

Updated Enhanced Income Strategy For Spectra Energy


Williams Companies' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Williams Companies' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

NuStar Energy Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


El Paso Pipeline Partners to Release First Quarter 2012 Results on May 3, 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - El Paso Pipeline Partners, L.P. will release first quarter 2012 financial and operational results before the market opens on Thursday, May 3, 2012. Detailed financial and operational information ...

El Paso Corporation to Release First Quarter 2012 Results on May 3, 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - El Paso Corporation will release first quarter 2012 financial and operational results before the market opens on Thursday, May 3, 2012. Detailed financial and operational information will ...

KKR's Healthy Pipeline


Marathon Robinson refinery reports flaring-filing


Alon Big Spring refinery reports crude unit upset -filing


Valero Port Arthur refinery restarts hydrocracker-filing


Imperial Oil Beats Analyst Estimates on EPS


UPDATE 1-Marathon plans Garyville HCU expansion in November-filing


Everything You Need To Know About Vaca Muerta, One Of The Biggest Shale Fields Outside Of North America


Valero Energy Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Marathon plans Garyville HCU expansion in November-filing


Sunoco Inc. First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Forbes Earnings Preview: Murphy Oil


Forbes Earnings Preview: Marathon Oil


Forbes Earnings Preview: Tesoro


Forbes Earnings Preview: Sunoco


Tesoro Corporation Stock Getting Very Oversold


Syntroleum's First Quarter 2012 Earnings and Dynamic Fuels Plant Update Conference Call Scheduled for May 3, 2012
[GlobeNewswire] - TULSA, Okla. -- Syntroleum Corporation today announced the Company will host a conference call for investors to discuss its first quarter 2012 results and to update the status of the Dynamic Fuels Geismar ...

Tesoro Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Murphy Oil Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Argentina: Don't Feel Too Sorry For Repsol


Why Delek US Holdings' Earnings May Not Be So Hot


Marathon Oil Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Renewable Energy's Oh Discusses IPO, Biodiesel Fuel (Audio)


Energy stocks move up, Chevron flat


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.666
[3.65, 3.65, 3.66, 3.68, 3.69]

Indianapolis
3.724
[3.69, 3.71, 3.73, 3.74, 3.75]

USA Average
3.81

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
104.81

Brent Prices
119.62

