This file created: March-31 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Mega Millions winners are rich, but not THAT rich
ST. LOUIS (AP)  Congratulations, Mega Millions winners! You've just won the biggest lottery in history! Move over Bill Gates and Warren Buffett!

Protesters march in Fla. town where teen was shot
SANFORD, Fla. (AP)  Thousands joined a march Saturday through the Florida town where 17-year-old Trayvon Martin was shot and killed by a neighborhood watch volunteer, vowing to continue protesting until an arrest is made.

Myanmar's Suu Kyi poised to win parliamentary seat
WAH THIN KHA, Myanmar (AP)  Myanmar held a landmark election Sunday that was expected to send democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi into parliament for her first public office since launching her decades-long struggle against the military-dominated government.

Syria says it won't be first to lay down arms
BEIRUT (AP)  Syria rejected international envoy Kofi Annan's call for the regime to halt violence first just days after the government agreed to a cease-fire plan. A senior official declared victory over the opposition.

World landmarks dimmed for Earth Hour
LONDON (AP)  Hundreds of world landmarks from Berlin's Brandenburg Gate to the Great Wall of China went dark Saturday, part of a global effort to highlight climate change.

Lin needs knee surgery, likely done for season
NEW YORK (AP)  Jeremy Lin will have left knee surgery and will miss six weeks, likely ending his amazing breakthrough season.

Fans in holiday mode in Kentucky as big game nears
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP)  A few hours before Saturday's tipoff in a Final Four matchup that has the state of Kentucky in holiday mode, Kentucky and Louisville fans were getting ready for a rowdy game in bars  not to mention homes and even wedding receptions.

Stricken cruise ship repaired, heading to Malaysia
MANILA, Philippines (AP)  A cruise ship with 1,000 people on board that had drifted for 24 hours after being disabled by a fire was headed toward Malaysia following repairs, the Philippine coast guard said Saturday.

Ex-NFL quarterback Ryan Leaf arrested in Montana
HELENA, Mont. (AP)  Police in Montana say ex-NFL quarterback Ryan Leaf broke into an acquaintance's home and stole a bottle of prescription painkillers.

Search intensifies for runner Micah True in NM
Search teams intensified efforts Saturday to find renowned long-distance runner Micah True, who mysteriously vanished four days ago after heading out from a lodge for a morning run in the rugged wilderness near New Mexico's Gila National Forest.

Search suspended for Colo. woman missing in fire
CONIFER, Colo. (AP)  The search for a Colorado woman missing in a wildfire has been suspended after rescuers found human remains in her burned home.

Kan., Ill., Md. tickets win $640M lottery jackpot
RED BUD, Ill. (AP)  Three lottery tickets sold in Illinois, Kansas and Maryland hit the world record-breaking $640 million Mega Millions jackpot, lottery officials said Saturday, dashing the get-rich-quick dreams of millions of players across the country.

Mega Millions winners are rich, but not THAT rich
ST. LOUIS (AP)  Congratulations, Mega Millions winners! You've just won the biggest lottery in history! Move over Bill Gates and Warren Buffett!

Search intensifies for runner Micah True in NM
Search teams intensified efforts Saturday to find renowned long-distance runner Micah True, who mysteriously vanished four days ago after heading out from a lodge for a morning run in the rugged wilderness near New Mexico's Gila National Forest.

'UNSURVIVABLE!' New tornado warnings aim to scare
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP)  Even expert storm chases would have struggled to decipher the difference between the tornado warnings sent last May before severe weather hit Joplin and, a few days later, headed again toward downtown Kansas City.

Clinton: Time running out for diplomacy with Iran
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP)  U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton made clear Saturday that time is running out for diplomacy over Iran's nuclear program and said talks aimed at preventing Tehran from acquiring a nuclear weapon would resume in mid-April.

Ambassador says US response to Syria 'very stern'
DENVER (AP)  The U.S. Ambassador to Syria reiterated the Obama administration's approach to the conflict in Syria in remarks Saturday to Amnesty International.

Protesters march in Fla. town where teen was shot
SANFORD, Fla. (AP)  Thousands joined a march Saturday through the Florida town where 17-year-old Trayvon Martin was shot and killed by a neighborhood watch volunteer, vowing to continue protesting until an arrest is made.

Man denied entry to US from Mexico to bury son, 10
ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP)  A Mexican national said he has been barred from entering the United States to bury his 10-year-old son, a U.S. citizen who died Tuesday in a house fire in northeastern Pennsylvania that killed three other people.

Myanmar's Suu Kyi poised to win parliamentary seat
WAH THIN KHA, Myanmar (AP)  Myanmar held a landmark election Sunday that was expected to send democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi into parliament for her first public office since launching her decades-long struggle against the military-dominated government.

Canadian man released from Lebanese jail
OTTAWA (AP)  A Canadian farmer returned home Saturday after being released from a Lebanese jail where he had been held for a year on allegations that he exported rotten potatoes to Algeria.

Stricken cruise ship repaired, heading to Malaysia
MANILA, Philippines (AP)  A cruise ship with 1,000 people on board that had drifted for 24 hours after being disabled by a fire was headed toward Malaysia following repairs, the Philippine coast guard said Saturday.

Bombs in southern Thailand kill 14, wound 341
HAT YAI, Thailand (AP)  Suspected Muslim insurgents staged the most deadly coordinated attacks in years in Thailand's restive south, killing 14 people and wounding 340 with car bombs that targeted Saturday shoppers and a high-rise hotel frequented by foreign tourists.

Syria says it won't be first to lay down arms
BEIRUT (AP)  Syria rejected international envoy Kofi Annan's call for the regime to halt violence first just days after the government agreed to a cease-fire plan. A senior official declared victory over the opposition.

Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood to bid for presidency
CAIRO (AP)  The fundamentalist Muslim Brotherhood named its chief strategist and financier as a candidate for president on Saturday, a surprising reversal of an earlier pledge to stay out of the race and a move that sets the group on a collision course with Egypt's military rulers.

Libya: 147 killed in 6 days of clashes in south
TRIPOLI, Libya (AP)  Six days of tribal clashes in a remote desert town in southern Libya have killed 147 people, the country's health minister said Saturday.

Venezuelan leader returning to Cuba for treatment
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP)  President Hugo Chavez says he's returning to Cuba for another round of cancer treatment.

Clashes between Yemeni army, militants kill 30
SANAA, Yemen (AP)  Al-Qaida-linked militants staged a surprise attack on a Yemeni army base in the south Saturday, setting off clashes that left 30 dead on both sides before air strikes forced the some of the militants to retreat, military officials said.

World landmarks dimmed for Earth Hour
LONDON (AP)  Hundreds of world landmarks from Berlin's Brandenburg Gate to the Great Wall of China went dark Saturday, part of a global effort to highlight climate change.

Romney pivots to fall, doubts linger in GOP right
FITCHBURG, Wis. (AP)  Appearing ever-more confident in Wisconsin's primary, Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney focused entirely on Democratic President Barack Obama during a campaign trip through this upper Midwestern battleground and predicted a victory that could effectively seal the nomination for him Tuesday.

Panel chides Vitter for violating public trust
WASHINGTON (AP)  Interior Secretary Ken Salazar was on track for pay raise that would have brought his salary on par with other Cabinet secretaries, until Sen. David Vitter gave him a quota. Until Salazar each month approved six new deep-water permits to allow exploratory oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico, Vitter would block the raise.

Judge says groups can't shield campaign donors
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Federal Election Commission overstepped its bounds in allowing groups that fund certain election ads to keep their financiers anonymous, a federal judge has ruled.

Obama could face election-year jam on gay marriage
PORTLAND, Maine (AP)  President Barack Obama could be caught in an election-year bind on gay marriage, wedged between the pressure of supporters who want him to back same-sex marriage and the political perils of igniting an explosive social issue in the midst of the campaign.

April leap or May slog, Romney on pace to GOP nod
MILWAUKEE (AP)  April looks good for Mitt Romney, with its string of Midwestern and Eastern primaries seemingly tailor-made for the Republican presidential front-runner.

Obama pushes Congress on millionaires' tax
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama is calling on Congress to increase taxes on millionaires, reviving a proposal he first pitched last September that aims to draw sharp election-year lines between the president and the Republican opposition.

Santorum hits Romney for joke about firing people
HUDSON, Wisconsin (AP)  Rick Santorum says Republicans won't win the presidency by nominating a candidate who jokes about firing people.

Confident Romney predicts Wisconsin victory
FITCHBURG, Wis. (AP)  A confident Mitt Romney is predicting victory ahead of Tuesday's presidential primary in Wisconsin.

Gingrich says Romney 'is clearly the front-runner'
MILWAUKEE (AP)  Newt Gingrich is acknowledging what has become increasingly clear: Mitt Romney is the likely GOP presidential nominee.

A political tip sheet for the rest of us
A political tip sheet for the rest of us outside the Washington Beltway, Friday, March 31:

Dubai shipbuilder wins debt restructuring support
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP)  Dubai's DryDocks World has secured support from a significant majority of creditors to implement its $2.2 billion debt restructuring, the state-owned shipyard operator said Saturday.

German public workers: 6.3 pct raise over 2 years
BERLIN (AP)  Some 2 million German public-sector employees are to get a pay rise totaling 6.3 percent over two years, employers and a union said Saturday after marathon talks that followed disruptive walkouts in recent weeks.

Obama pushes Congress on millionaires' tax
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama is calling on Congress to increase taxes on millionaires, reviving a proposal he first pitched last September that aims to draw sharp election-year lines between the president and the Republican opposition.

EU eyes small tax on share purchases
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP)  Tentative support from Sweden for a small levy on share purchases may open the door for a limited tax on financial transactions in the European Union.

Stricken cruise ship repaired, heading to Malaysia
MANILA, Philippines (AP)  A cruise ship with 1,000 people on board that had drifted for 24 hours after being disabled by a fire was headed toward Malaysia following repairs, the Philippine coast guard said Saturday.

In Canada, the penny's about to drop into history
TORONTO (AP)  They clutter your dresser and cost too much to make. They're a nuisance and have outlived their purpose.

Sino-Forest files for bankruptcy protection
TORONTO (AP)  Chinese timberland company Sino-Forest Corp., which is being investigated for fraud, said Friday it is filing for bankruptcy protection, putting itself up for sale and filing a lawsuit against the research firm that accused the company of exaggerating its timber holdings in China

Groupon says 4th-quarter was weaker than reported
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP)  Groupon Inc. said Friday that its fourth-quarter loss was wider than initially reported because it needed to increase the amount of money it sets aside for refunds.

Ford CEO Mulally made $29.5 million in 2011
DEARBORN, Mich. (AP)  The pay package for Ford CEO Alan Mulally rose 11 percent last year to $29.5 million, or a little more than $5 for every vehicle sold.

Indonesia's parliament blocks fuel prices hike
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP)  Indonesia's parliament voted Saturday to block the government's plan to raise fuel prices by more than 30 percent this weekend, but it allowed for a future price hike under certain conditions.

China punishes social media, websites on coup talk
BEIJING (AP)  China is closing a dozen websites, penalizing two popular social media sites and detaining six people for circulating rumors of a coup that rattled Beijing in the midst of its worst high-level political crisis in years.

Apple pledge likely to boost China factory wages
BEIJING (AP)  Consumers probably won't have to pay more for iPads, iPhones and other popular consumer electronics despite a Chinese company's pledge to trim work hours and raise wages for its hardscrabble assembly workers.

Groupon says 4th-quarter was weaker than reported
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP)  Groupon Inc. said Friday that its fourth-quarter loss was wider than initially reported because it needed to increase the amount of money it sets aside for refunds.

Lost data may have exposed 800,000 people in Calif
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A disaster preparedness exercise to ensure California's child support system could be run remotely went smoothly, except for one casualty: the names, Social Security numbers and other private records of about 800,000 adults and children.

IPO market heats up, more startups going public
NEW YORK (AP)  The IPO market is heating up. A growing economy and rising stock market are prompting more startups to go public, and investors appear hungry to invest.

School punishes Filipino boys for Facebook kissing
MANILA, Philippines (AP)  A Philippine Catholic school is withholding the diplomas of six high school boys who uploaded Facebook photos that appear to show them kissing one another, an education official said Friday.

Micron, Oracle settle lawsuit over chip prices
BOISE, Idaho (AP)  Micron Technology Inc. has settled a lawsuit in which Oracle Corp. accused the Idaho memory chipmaker and other companies of artificially inflating prices for microchips.

Egypt court orders ban of pornographic websites
CAIRO (AP)  An Egyptian court has ordered the government to ban pornographic Internet websites in order to protect society and its values.

BlackBerry maker to focus on business customers
TORONTO (AP)  Struggling BlackBerry maker Research in Motion Ltd. said Thursday that it plans to return its focus to its corporate customers after failing to compete with flashier, consumer-oriented phones such as Apple's iPhone and models that run Google's Android software.

Panel backs sharing studies of lab-made bird flu
NEW YORK (AP)  The U.S. government's biosecurity advisers said Friday they support publishing research studies showing how scientists made new easy-to-spread forms of bird flu because the studies, now revised, don't reveal details bioterrorists could use.

Whole Foods to stop sale of unsustainable seafood
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP)  Whole Foods Market said Friday that it will stop selling fish caught from depleted waters or through ecologically damaging methods, a move that comes as supermarkets nationwide try to make their seafood selections more sustainable.

Entangled gray whale off Calif. freed after chase
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A migrating gray whale with debris wrapped around its tail was finally freed after rescuers in a small boat chased it along the Southern California coast so they could cut away the fishing traps and lines.

Latest buzz on bee decline: Maybe it's pesticides
WASHINGTON (AP)  A common class of pesticide is causing problems for honeybees and bumblebees, important species already in trouble, two studies suggest.

APNewsBreak: $7M spaceport runway extension OK'd
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP)  The nearly two-mile-long runway at Spaceport America in southern New Mexico will have to be extended to accommodate Virgin Galactic's sleek rocket-powered spacecraft, spaceport officials confirmed Thursday.

Bangladesh plans to build its first satellite
DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP)  An American firm will help Bangladesh design and launch the South Asian country's first satellite.

Amazon CEO plans to raise sunken Apollo 11 engines
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Long before Jeff Bezos became an Internet mogul, he was enthralled by the mysteries of space.

Foot find shows prehuman walked same time as Lucy
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Lucy, it turns out, had company  another prehuman that also walked but spent more of its time in trees.

Mumbai, Miami on list for big weather disasters
WASHINGTON (AP)  Global warming is leading to such severe storms, droughts and heat waves that nations should prepare for an unprecedented onslaught of deadly and costly weather disasters, an international panel of climate scientists said in a new report issued Wednesday.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Glancy Binkow & Goldberg LLP Announces Lead Plaintiff Deadline In The Class Action Lawsuit Against CNOOC Limited
[Business Wire] - Glancy Binkow & Goldberg LLP announces that all purchasers of the American Depositary Shares of CNOOC Limited between January 27, 2011 and September 16, 2011, inclusive , have until April 29, 2012 to file a motion with the Court to be appointed as Lead Plaintiff.

IDT Corporation: Low Free Cash Flow Multiples, High Yield, And Growth
[at Seeking Alpha] - IDT Corporation: Low Free Cash Flow Multiples, High Yield, And Growth

GeoGlobal Resources Receives Opinion with Going Concern Qualification From its Auditors
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - GeoGlobal Resources Inc. announced that its audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, ...

Sunpeaks Ventures Announces Clotamin to Be Sold at Winn-Dixie Locations in South Florida


NYSE stocks posting largest percentage increases
[AP] - A look at the 10 biggest percentage gainers on New York Stock Exchange at the close of trading:India Fund wd rose 18.2 percent to $21.10.Malaysia Fd rose 8.5 percent to $10.35.Franklin Covey Co. rose 8.1 ...

Harvest Natural Resources Announces At-The-Market Equity Financing Program
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Harvest Natural Resources, Inc. (NYSE: HNR - News) today entered into an equity distribution agreement ("Agreement") with Knight Capital America, L.P. ("KCA"), ...

EPA Agrees to Dismiss Well Contamination Case Against Range


UPDATE 2-US natgas rig count climbs for 1st time in 12 weeks


UPDATE 1-US natgas rig count climbs for first time in 12 weeks


EPA dismisses order against Range Resources over water polution, Bloomberg says


CFO Moves: Quicksilver Resources, Suzlon Energy, Vipera


SM Energy Announces Determination of Contingent Interest Amounts for 3.50% Senior Convertible Notes Due 2027
[Business Wire] - SM Energy Company today announces its determination that contingent interest will be payable on its outstanding 3.50% Senior Convertible Notes due 2027 duri

Colt Says Never Discussed Cuba Joint Venture With Sonangol


Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross - SU


Swift Energy - Eagle Ford Shale Review
[at Investopedia] - Swift Energy is spending the majority of the companys 2012 capital budget on the Eagle Ford Shale as management seeks to grow crude oil and liquids production over the next three years.

C&J Energy Services, a Well-Positioned Fracking Stock


Cabot, Williams lead gains in energy stocks


Enbridge's Version Of The Keystone Pipeline Should Bring Profits


Sonangol Seeks Venture With Cobalt for Cuban Oil, Jornal Says


The Best ETF For A Romney Presidency? How About FRAK
[at Seeking Alpha] - The Best ETF For A Romney Presidency? How About FRAK

Burleson LLP Represents Wheatland Oil, Inc. in $340 Million Sale of Bakken Assets to Continental Resources, Inc.
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- The energy law firm of Burleson LLP announced today that it represented Wheatland Oil, Inc. in a $340 million transaction to sell assets in the Bakken shale play ...

WSJ Calls The Bottom In Natural Gas


Brazil spots new oil leak as safety worries rise


ExxonMobil Shows Why Size Matters in Energy Investing


[$$] Alaska, Gas Firms Clear Way For Pipeline


Rio Prosecutor to Review Oil Companies Crisis Plans, Folha Says


Russia's Pacific Sakhalin island braces for blizzard


Oil groups agree on $40bn Alaska gas project
[at Financial Times] - Exxon (NYSE:XOM - News)Mobil, BP and ConocoPhillips have reached agreement with the state of Alaska to take a significant step forward on a $40bn-plus project to export liquefied natural gas to Asia, resolving ...

Why One Gas Is Cheap and One Isnt


Final Glance: Oil companies


RPT-Prosecutor seeks Chevron, Transocean Brazil ban


Prosecutor seeks Chevron, Transocean Brazil ban


Energy Business Review: PetroChina Expands as ConocoPhillips Comes Up Short


Alaska deal aims to develop Point Thomson gas


Alaska, Exxon deal opens way for LNG exports
[Reuters] - Oil companies Exxon Mobil Corp , BP Plc and Conoco Phillips have reached a settlement with the state of Alaska that will allow the companies to build a pipeline from a North Slope natural gas field, the ...

TransCanada to concentrate on all-Alaska LNG pipeline


TransCanada to concentrate on all-Alaska LNG pipeline


UPDATE 2-Alaska, Exxon deal opens way for LNG exports


Time to Scoop Up RIM?


Refining Losses Hurt PetroChina


Occidental Petroleum 1st Quarter 2012 Results to be Announced April 26
[Business Wire] - Occidental Petroleum Corporation will hold a conference call on Thursday, April 26, 2012, following the release of its first quarter 2012 financial results. The conference call, which will begin at 11:30 a.m.

There Obama Goes Again: He Hates Fossil Fuel, and He Hates Success


Rio Prosecutor to Review Oil Companies Crisis Plans, Folha Says


Vantage Drilling Announces Expiration of Consent Solicitation and Receipt of Requisite Consents
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Vantage Drilling Company announced today that its wholly owned subsidiary Offshore Group Investment Limited had received, as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on March 30, 2012 , validly ...

The Next Natural Gas Stock to Own


Vanguard Natural Resources Announces Upsized Pricing of Its Public Offering of $350 Million of Senior Unsecured Notes
[Business Wire] - Vanguard Natural Resources, LLC and its subsidiary VNR Finance Corp. today announced the pricing of a public offering of $350 million aggregate principal amount of 7.875% senior unsecured notes due 2020 at a public offering price of 99.274%.

Dejour Energy Reports Q4 2011 Revenue of $2.5 Million
[Business Wire] - Dejour Energy Inc. , an independent oil and natural gas exploration and production company operating in North America's Piceance Basin and Peace River Ar

Is Transocean a Cash King?


Transocean's Latest Numbers Could Be Misleading


WTI Crosses Above Key Moving Average Level


GeoMet Announces Financial and Operating Results for the Quarter and Year Ended December 31, 2011
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - GeoMet, Inc. today announced its financial and operating results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2011.J. Darby Ser, GeoMet's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, had the following ...

Vantage Drilling Announces Proposed Offering by Its Subsidiary Offshore Group Investment Limited of Additional 11 1/2% Senior Secured First Lien Notes Due 2015
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Vantage Drilling Company announced today that its wholly-owned subsidiary Offshore Group Investment Limited intends to offer, subject to market and other conditions, $775.0 million in aggregate ...

Most Swiss Stocks Advance as Givaudan, Transocean Climb


Find These Stocks Before Wall Street Does


Samson Oil & Gas Operational Advisory
[Business Wire] - Samson Oil & Gas Limited provides advice on its current projects.

BRICS Bourses Start Futures Venture Aimed at Wealthy Individuals


Diamond Offshore to Release First Quarter 2012 Results on April 19
[Business Wire] - Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. announced today that it will issue a press release and host a conference call and webcast related to its first quarter 2012 operating results on Thursday, April 19, 2012.

SandRidge Energy, Inc. Announces Extension of Credit Facility Maturity and Increase in Borrowing Base
[PR Newswire] - OKLAHOMA CITY, March 29, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- SandRidge Energy, Inc. ("SandRidge") (NYSE: SD - News) today announced that it has increased the borrowing base and extended the maturity of its senior ...

ZaZa Energy Expands to 140,000 Acres in the Texas Eaglebine and Commences Six Well Drilling Program
[Business Wire] - ZaZa Energy Corporation announced today that it has expanded its position in the Eaglebine trend in eastern Texas to a nearly contiguous total holding of approximately 144,123 gross acres through a transaction with Range Texas Production, LLC , a subsidiary of Range Resources Corporation .

CRT Stock Crowded With Sellers


Did Unit Squander Its Latest Sales Increase?


Ashok, Cheung Kong, Hankyu, Nippon, Suzlon: Asia Stock Preview


EnerJex Announces Drilling Success and Increased Oil Production From Its Rantoul Project


Hercules Offshore upgraded to Buy from Underperform at CLSA


Forbes Energy Services Reports 2011 Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Results
[Business Wire] - Forbes Energy Services Ltd. and today announced financial and operating results for the three months and year ended December 31, 2011. All share and per sh

New Concept Energy, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Results
[Business Wire] - New Concept Energy, Inc. , a Dallas-based oil and gas company, today reported a net loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2011 of $11.8 million or $ per share, compared to net loss of $11,000 or $ per share for the twelve months ended December 31, 2010.

Weatherford Prices Senior Notes Offering
[PR Newswire] - GENEVA, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Weatherford International Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company ("Weatherford Bermuda") and a subsidiary of Weatherford International Ltd., a Swiss joint-stock ...

Willbros Announces Conference Call Schedule for Fourth Quarter and 2011 Update
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Willbros Group, Inc. announces plans to hold a conference call to discuss its fourth quarter and full year 2011 operating performance. The Company intends to provide an update on unaudited ...

Brower Piven Encourages Investors Who Have Losses in Excess of $200,000 From Investment in Weatherford International, Ltd. to Inquire About the Lead Plaintiff Position in Securities Fraud Class Action Lawsuit Before the May 22, 2012 Lead Pl
[Marketwire] - STEVENSON, MD-- - Brower Piven, A Professional Corporation announces that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of ...

Weekly US oil, gas rig count up by 11 to 1,979


April 9, 2012 Deadline: Law Firm of Levi & Korsinsky Notifies Investors with Losses on Their Investment in Carbo Ceramics, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and the Deadline to Seek Lead Plaintiff Position
[PR Newswire] - NEW YORK, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Levi & Korsinsky announces that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of ...

BP: U.S. hiding evidence on size of Gulf oil spill
[Reuters] - BP Plc has accused the U.S. government of withholding evidence that may show the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico was smaller than federal officials claimed, a key issue in determining ...

UPDATE 1-BP: U.S. hiding evidence on size of Gulf oil spill


FMC, Petrobras Cut High-Value Deal


BP Says U.S. Withholding Evidence of Extent of Oil Spill


weatherford/BRIEF (URGENT)


BP: U.S. hiding evidence on size of Gulf oil spill


TEXT-S&P raises Forbes Energy Services Ltd rating


Precision Drilling Corporation Announces Filing of Annual Disclosure Documents
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Precision Drilling Corporation announced that it has filed its annual disclosure documents with the Canadian Securities Commissions and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ...

Weatherford International begins notes offering


Weatherford Announces Offering of Senior Notes
[PR Newswire] - GENEVA, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Weatherford International Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company ("Weatherford Bermuda") and a subsidiary of Weatherford International Ltd., a Swiss joint-stock ...

Taking Advantage Of Window Dressing (Part 1)


Gasfrac Energy LPG Fracturing Chosen In New York


Is C&J Energy ready to power higher?


Union Gas Helps Bay Area Students Ignite Their Passion for Science and Engineering


Enbridge Energy Partners May Gain From Keystone's Pain


Williams Cos. priced


New Canada reviews will apply to existing projects


Leading the Hedge-Fund World, Dalio Rakes in $3.9 Billion in 2011


Gateway Energy Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Gateway Energy Corporation (OTCBB: GNRG.OB - News) today announced the financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2011.Selected Financial Data:The ...

4-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: TC Pipelines


Enbridge's Version Of The Keystone Pipeline Should Bring Profits


Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. and PAA Natural Gas Storage, L.P. Announce Timing of First-Quarter 2012 Earnings
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (NYSE: PAA - News) and PAA Natural Gas Storage (NYSE: PNG - News) today announced they will each release first-quarter 2012 earnings after market ...

Williams prices stock offering at $30.59


Williams Prices Public Offering of Common Stock
[Business Wire] - Williams today announced that it priced a public offering of 26,000,000 shares of its common stock at $30.59 per share. The offering is expected to close on April 4, 20

WSJ Calls The Bottom In Natural Gas


9 Energy Dividend Stocks Set To Go Higher


Williams Partners Provides Information on Status of Lathrop Compressor Station
[Business Wire] - Williams Partners L.P. today provided an update on the status of the Lathrop compressor station near Springville in Susquehanna County, Pa., following a flash fire this morning.

Cabot Oil & Gas provides update on flash fire


Williams Announces Public Offering of Common Stock
[Business Wire] - Williams announced today that it intends to commence an underwritten public offering of 26,000,000 shares of its common stock. The shares will be offered by Williams pu

To Canada and back again:a new US oil pipeline race


Goldman kicks off Indian charm offensive


Kinder Morgan Expands Storage Space


5 Energy MLPs Poised to Pop


EPD, Enbridge Boost Seaway Capacity


KMR Stock Crowded With Sellers


This Weekend's Barron's: Republicans Will Win Both House and Senate ~ Good Times Ahead for Franklin Resources ~ Shares of Independent Midwest Refiners On a Slippery Slope


[$$] Equatorial Guinea Warns on Lawsuit


8 Reasons To Go Long Murphy Oil


Sunoco reports hydrotreater malfunction at Philadelphia plant, Bloomberg says


InterOil to Hold Technical Update Call on the Successful Drilling of Over 1,489 Feet of Reservoir at Triceratops-2


Tesoro says L.A. refinery completes maintenance


InterOil to Hold Technical Update Call on the Successful Drilling of Over 1,489 Feet of Reservoir at Triceratops-2
[PR Newswire] - PORT MORESBY, Papua New Guinea and HOUSTON, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- InterOil Corporation (NYSE:IOC - News) (POMSoX:IOC - News) ("InterOil" or the "Company") announced that it will hold a technical ...

Why InterOil Shares Plunged


Valero Energy Looks Pricey


Delek Group Announces Consolidated Results for 2011
[PR Newswire] - TEL AVIV, Israel, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ --Delek Group Ltd. (TASE: DLEKG , OTCQX: DGRLY) (hereinafter: "Delek Group" or "The Group") announced today its results for the fourth ...

[$$] A Refiner to Weather Summer Volatility


Ex-Div Reminder for Delek US Holdings Inc (DK)


InterOil Corporation and Valero Energy Corporation Face Tough Times in Refining Business
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - Refineries dip despite high gasoline prices. The national average price of a gallon of regular unleaded gas climbed to $3.898 on Tuesday. But the high prices still aren't enough to save ...

HollyFrontier Corp. and Marathon Petroleum Corp. Refineries Struggle
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - Refineries dip despite high gasoline prices. The national average price of a gallon of regular unleaded gas climbed to $3.898 on Tuesday. But the high prices still aren't enough to save ...

Is this Oil Stock a Bargain Right Now?


InterOil Provides Triceratops-2 Drilling Update and Extends LNG Project Agreements


InterOil Provides Triceratops-2 Drilling Update and Extends LNG Project Agreements
[PR Newswire] - PORT MORESBY, Papua New Guinea and HOUSTON, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- InterOil Corporation (NYSE:IOC - News) (POMSoX:IOC - News) ("InterOil" or the "Company") announced that the Triceratops-2 ...

Shanghai Petrochemical Announces 2011 Annual Results
[PR Newswire] - HONG KONG, March 30, 2012 /PRNewswire-Asia/ -- Sinopec Shanghai Petrochemical Company Limited ("Shanghai Petrochemical" or the "Company") (HKEx: 00338; SSE: 600688; NYSE: SHI) today ...

California-Blend Gasoline Falls After State Crude Stocks Rise


Uncertainties Weighing on KiOR


Conoco has multiple bids for Trainer refinery-sources


Icahn clarifies his offer for CVR Energy shares


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.99
[3.99, 3.99, 3.99, 3.99, 3.99]

Indianapolis
3.97
[3.95, 3.95, 3.97, 3.99, 3.99]

USA Average
3.9

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
103.1

Brent Prices
122.88

