This file created: March-25 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
House GOP budget plan heats up as campaign issue
WASHINGTON (AP)  The new debt-slashing budget plan pushed by House Republicans heated up as a presidential campaign issue Sunday as the proposal's architect, Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, sparred with top Democrats over its political fallout and downplayed the possibility he could be tapped as a vice presidential candidate.

Afghans: US paid $50K per shooting spree death
KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (AP)  The U.S. paid $50,000 in compensation for each villager killed and $11,000 for each person wounded in a shooting rampage allegedly carried out by a rogue American soldier in southern Afghanistan, Afghan officials said Sunday.

Congregants wear hoodies, remember Trayvon Martin
EATONVILLE, Fla. (AP)  Wearing hooded sweatshirts similar to the one that Trayvon Martin wore on the night he was killed, many preachers and worshippers echoed calls for justice Sunday in the shooting death of an unarmed black teenager in Florida last month.

Tiger Woods a winner on tour again after 30 months
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP)  Tiger Woods finally brought the buzz back to the very thing that made him famous  winning.

Obama squeezes N. Korea to change, China to help
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  Trying to muscle North Korea toward peace over provocation, President Barack Obama is broadening his squeeze play from the heart of this tensely divided peninsula, pressuring China to show more influence and warning North Korea that it is headed toward a crippling "dead end" of isolation.

Lawyer: Frenchman's brother knew nothing of plot
PARIS (AP)  A lawyer says a Frenchman suspected of helping his brother plot attacks against Jewish schoolchildren and paratroopers knew nothing about what was going on.

Pope to Mexico: Have hope, use faith against evil
SILAO, Mexico (AP)  Pope Benedict XVI urged Mexicans to wield their faith against drug violence, poverty and other ills, celebrating Sunday Mass before a sea of hushed worshippers beneath a blazing sun in the highlight of his Mexican visit.

James Cameron reaches deepest spot on Earth
HONOLULU (AP)  Hollywood icon James Cameron has made it to Earth's deepest point.

KU and UK join Louisville and Ohio St. in Final 4
One game is a grudge match between teams that know each other all too well. The other is a rare rematch between virtual strangers.

Kentucky beats Baylor 82-70 in South Regional
ATLANTA (AP)  Kentucky could've cut the nets down at halftime.

Congregants wear hoodies, remember Trayvon Martin
EATONVILLE, Fla. (AP)  Wearing hooded sweatshirts similar to the one that Trayvon Martin wore on the night he was killed, many preachers and worshippers echoed calls for justice Sunday in the shooting death of an unarmed black teenager in Florida last month.

Iraqi woman severely beaten in Calif. home dies
EL CAJON, Calif. (AP)  A woman from Iraq who was found beaten next to a threatening note saying "go back to your country" has died, and police are investigating the possibility of a hate crime.

James Cameron reaches deepest spot on Earth
HONOLULU (AP)  Hollywood icon James Cameron has made it to Earth's deepest point.

Immunity in spotlight in NYC suit vs. Strauss-Kahn
NEW YORK (AP)  After criminal sexual assault charges against Dominique Strauss-Kahn dissolved last year in prosecutors' doubts about his accuser's reliability, she vowed to get her day in another court.

Battle over Obama health law reaches high court
WASHINGTON (AP)  The monumental fight over a health care law that touches all Americans and divides them sharply comes before the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday. The justices will decide whether to kill or keep the largest expansion in the nation's social safety net in more than four decades.

Dick Cheney's transplant reopens debate about age
CHICAGO (AP)  Doctors say it is unlikely that former Vice President Dick Cheney got special treatment when he was given a new heart at age 71 that thousands of younger people also were in line to receive.

AP Enterprise: Vegas rail: a gamble or good thing?
VICTORVILLE, Calif. (AP)  On a dusty, rock-strewn expanse at the edge of the Mojave Desert, a company linked to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid wants to build a bullet train that would rocket tourists from the middle of nowhere to the gambling palaces of Las Vegas.

Divided Congress settles for below-the-radar bills
WASHINGTON (AP)  Congress is finding it hard to do what used to be easy.

House GOP budget plan heats up as campaign issue
WASHINGTON (AP)  The new debt-slashing budget plan pushed by House Republicans heated up as a presidential campaign issue Sunday as the proposal's architect, Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, sparred with top Democrats over its political fallout and downplayed the possibility he could be tapped as a vice presidential candidate.

Parishioners comfort relatives of WV fire victims
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP)  As Talma Isabell coped with the crushing heartache of losing her daughter and five grandchildren in a house fire that killed nine people in all, several dozen people surrounded the woman and her family at church Sunday with their arms raised and their heads bowed in prayer.

Afghans: US paid $50K per shooting spree death
KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (AP)  The U.S. paid $50,000 in compensation for each villager killed and $11,000 for each person wounded in a shooting rampage allegedly carried out by a rogue American soldier in southern Afghanistan, Afghan officials said Sunday.

Lawyer: Frenchman's brother knew nothing of plot
PARIS (AP)  A lawyer says a Frenchman suspected of helping his brother plot attacks against Jewish schoolchildren and paratroopers knew nothing about what was going on.

Pope to Mexico: Have hope, use faith against evil
SILAO, Mexico (AP)  Pope Benedict XVI urged Mexicans to wield their faith against drug violence, poverty and other ills, celebrating Sunday Mass before a sea of hushed worshippers beneath a blazing sun in the highlight of his Mexican visit.

Egypt's Islamists tighten their grip on power
CAIRO (AP)  Egypt's newly empowered Islamists have tightened their grip, giving themselves a majority on a 100-member panel tasked with drafting a constitution that will define the shape of the government in the post-Hosni Mubarak era.

Obama squeezes N. Korea to change, China to help
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  Trying to muscle North Korea toward peace over provocation, President Barack Obama is broadening his squeeze play from the heart of this tensely divided peninsula, pressuring China to show more influence and warning North Korea that it is headed toward a crippling "dead end" of isolation.

Armed Libyans hand airport to police, ready or not
BENGHAZI, Libya (AP)  The commander of a powerful Libyan militia said Sunday he has withdrawn from the country's main airport, while some of his men remained behind to give the government another chance to either hire them or take over security itself.

Senegal president, ex-protege face off in 2nd vote
DAKAR, Senegal (AP)  Supporters of opposition candidate Macky Sall began celebrating in the streets of Senegal's capital late Sunday as partial results coming in showed him trouncing the country's 85-year-old incumbent president at many polling stations.

Hugo Chavez begins radiation therapy in Cuba
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP)  Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Sunday that he has begun radiation therapy in Cuba as part of cancer treatment one month after undergoing an operation that removed a tumor.

Hamas blames fuel shortage for Gaza baby's death
GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip (AP)  A Gaza man said Sunday his 5-month-old baby died two days ago after the generator powering his respirator ran out of fuel, but the report was called into question after it emerged that the timing of the baby's death was misrepresented.

Mali ministers held by junta go on hunger strike
BAMAKO, Mali (AP)  Mali's foreign minister and 13 others being detained by the junta that took over Mali started a hunger strike Sunday, the minister's brother said.

House GOP budget plan heats up as campaign issue
WASHINGTON (AP)  The new debt-slashing budget plan pushed by House Republicans heated up as a presidential campaign issue Sunday as the proposal's architect, Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, sparred with top Democrats over its political fallout and downplayed the possibility he could be tapped as a vice presidential candidate.

With win in hand from La., Santorum eyes Wis.
GREEN BAY, Wis. (AP)  Another victory in hand but still badly trailing rival Mitt Romney, Republican presidential hopeful Rick Santorum vowed to continue his campaign despite an increasingly steep climb to the nomination.

Obama squeezes N. Korea to change, China to help
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  Trying to muscle North Korea toward peace over provocation, President Barack Obama is broadening his squeeze play from the heart of this tensely divided peninsula, pressuring China to show more influence and warning North Korea that it is headed toward a crippling "dead end" of isolation.

US to pursue 'non-lethal' aid for Syrian rebels
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  Seeking to stem the violence in Syria, the U.S. and other key allies are considering providing Syrian rebels with communications help, medical aid and other "non-lethal" assistance.

APNewsBreak: US says soldier split killing spree
WASHINGTON (AP)  U.S. investigators believe the U.S. soldier accused of killing 17 Afghan civilians split the slaughter into two episodes, returning to his base after the first attack and later slipping away to kill again, two American officials said Saturday.

Conservatives, blue collars help Santorum's LA win
WASHINGTON (AP)  Rick Santorum turned in his most impressive performance yet with conservative, blue-collar and religious voters as he rode to triumph Saturday in Louisiana's Republican presidential primary, capturing robust support from people across the board, according to an exit poll of voters.

Santorum picks up delegates with win in Louisiana
WASHINGTON (AP)  Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum picked up 10 convention delegates by winning Louisiana's Republican presidential primary Saturday.

Republicans offer few details on Afghanistan plans
WASHINGTON (AP)  As Afghanistan seizes more of the political spotlight, the Republican presidential candidates are quick to criticize President Barack Obama's handling of the war but struggle to explain how they would change the strategy they would inherit.

Obama calls for end of transportation showdown
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama wants Congress to end a showdown that threatens to cut off federal highway and transit aid to states just as the spring construction season starts.

How health care case will unfold before the court
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Supreme Court will begin hearing arguments on Monday over President Barack Obama's health care overhaul, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, derisively labeled "Obamacare" by its opponents. A look at how the case will unfold before the court in question-and-answer form:

House GOP budget plan heats up as campaign issue
WASHINGTON (AP)  The new debt-slashing budget plan pushed by House Republicans heated up as a presidential campaign issue Sunday as the proposal's architect, Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, sparred with top Democrats over its political fallout and downplayed the possibility he could be tapped as a vice presidential candidate.

Kuwait names new central bank governor
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP)  Kuwait is promoting the central bank's deputy governor to the institution's top job following the resignation of its long-serving leader last month, the finance minister announced Sunday.

Battle over Obama health law reaches high court
WASHINGTON (AP)  The monumental fight over a health care law that touches all Americans and divides them sharply comes before the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday. The justices will decide whether to kill or keep the largest expansion in the nation's social safety net in more than four decades.

AP Enterprise: Vegas rail: a gamble or good thing?
VICTORVILLE, Calif. (AP)  On a dusty, rock-strewn expanse at the edge of the Mojave Desert, a company linked to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid wants to build a bullet train that would rocket tourists from the middle of nowhere to the gambling palaces of Las Vegas.

BATS CEO's apology for computer glitch, failed IPO
NEW YORK (AP)  The CEO of BATS Global Markets issued a public note of apology on Sunday for withdrawing his company's initial public offering after an embarrassing computer glitch.

MF Global exec says Corzine ordered $200M transfer
WASHINGTON (AP)  A former MF Global executive is contradicting testimony from Jon Corzine, saying the former senator ordered the transfer of $200 million last fall out of a customer account days before the firm collapsed, according to an email obtained by congressional investigators.

Iraq oil exports, revenues decline in February
BAGHDAD (AP)  Iraq's oil ministry says oil exports in January have declined by nearly 4.5 percent compared to the previous month.

'Hunger Games' battles to $155M opening weekend
LOS ANGELES (AP)  "The Hunger Games" has filled fan appetites with a $155 million opening weekend that puts it near the top of the domestic record book.

Senators ask feds to probe requests for passwords
SEATTLE (AP)  Two U.S. senators are asking Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate whether employers asking for Facebook passwords during job interviews are violating federal law, their offices announced Sunday.

Say Hello! to Pakistan's glamorous side
ISLAMABAD (AP)  Pakistan is better known for bombs than bombshells, militant compounds than opulent estates. A few enterprising Pakistanis hope to alter that perception with the launch of a local version of the well-known celebrity magazine Hello!.

Yahoo appoints 3 to board in response to investor
NEW YORK (AP)  Internet company Yahoo has appointed three members to its board of directors, gearing up for a proxy fight with one of its largest shareholders.

Facebook warns employers not to demand passwords
NEW YORK (AP)  Facebook is warning employers not to demand the passwords of job applicants, saying that it's an invasion of privacy that opens companies to legal liabilities.

Facebook takes steps to address privacy concerns
NEW YORK (AP)  Facebook has taken steps in recent days to address more worries about privacy, warning employers not to ask prospective employees for their passwords and trying to clarify its user "rights and responsibilities" policies.

Girl's voice mails gone after T-Mobile promotion
SEATTLE (AP)  When Faron Butler wanted to hear his daughter's voice, he went to the voice mails she left him before she died of cancer at the age of 14.

Calif. Hmong community launches online translator
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  When Phong Yang, a Hmong refugee from Laos, landed in California's Central Valley  via stops in Thailand and France  he was 14 years old. He learned to speak Hmong from his parents, but today he has a hard time teaching the language to his children, who are distracted by cell phones and computers.

Zynga founder, other insiders to sell 43M shares
NEW YORK (AP)  Zynga's CEO and other insiders at the online games company plan to sell 43 million shares of stock in a public offering that will boost the amount of stock available for general trading by 35 percent.

Sarkozy: Jail those who browse terror websites
PARIS (AP)  France's president proposed a sweeping new law Thursday that would see repeat visitors to extremist web sites put behind bars  one of several tough measures floated in the wake of a murderous shooting spree.

Microsoft, TiVo drop suits against each other
Digital video recorder pioneer TiVo Inc. said Thursday that it had reached an agreement with software maker Microsoft Corp. for the companies to drop lawsuits against each other following TiVo's settlement with AT&T Inc.

Calif. settlement will fund car charging network
LOS ANGELES (AP)  An energy company accused of artificially inflating the cost of electricity, leading to California's power crisis a decade ago, agreed to pay a $120 million settlement that will fund 10,000 electric car charging stations across the state, Gov. Jerry Brown announced Friday.

Facebook buys patents from IBM to defend itself
MENLO PARK, Calif. (AP)  Facebook has acquired patents from IBM as it girds itself for litigation, including a lawsuit by Yahoo.

James Cameron reaches deepest spot on Earth
HONOLULU (AP)  Hollywood icon James Cameron has made it to Earth's deepest point.

Space junk misses station astronauts
WASHINGTON (AP)  A discarded chunk of a Russian rocket missed the International Space Station early Saturday. However, it came close enough to force six astronauts to seek shelter in escape capsules.

NASA releases new moon pics requested by students
PASADENA, Calif. (AP)  A NASA spacecraft in orbit around the moon has sent back five dozen new images of the lunar surface including a view of the far side with Earth in the distance.

Audit: Gas lines tied to fracking lack oversight
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Government auditors say federal officials know nothing about thousands of miles of pipelines that carry natural gas released through the drilling method known as fracking, and need to step up oversight to make sure they are running safely.

SPIN METER: GOP claims about Obama puzzle enviros
NEW YORK (AP)  Mitt Romney says President Barack Obama blocked construction of the Keystone XL oil pipeline as a gift to environmentalists. Newt Gingrich calls Obama "President Algae" for supporting research on biofuels. And Rick Santorum says Obama's environmental views constitute a "phony theology" that prioritizes the earth over people.

Cloudy skies delay Va. suborbital rocket launches
ATLANTIC, Va. (AP)  The launch of five suborbital rockets from Virginia's coast is being rescheduled again.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
The Siren Song Of Natural Gas


The Battle Over Fracking


Noble Energy Provides Operational Highlights at Howard Weil Conference
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 25, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Energy, Inc. (NYSE: NBL - News) will discuss the following operational highlights on Monday, March 26, during its presentation at the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy ...

A Game-Changer for Natural Gas?


GAIL eyes project stakes, long-term deals


Sunpeaks Ventures Announces National Advertising Campaign to Feature Clotamin


Law Offices of Howard G. Smith Announces Investigation of CNOOC Limited
[Business Wire] - Law Offices of Howard G. Smith announces that it is investigating potential claims against CNOOC Limited concerning possible violations of federal securities laws.

Cobalt International Energy, Inc. to Present at Upcoming Howard Weil Energy Conference
[Business Wire] - Cobalt International Energy, Inc. announced today that Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Joseph H. Bryant, will present at the 2012 Howard Weil Energy Conference in New Orleans, Louisiana on Tuesday, March 27, 2012 at 8:00 a.m.

Isramco, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Isramco, Inc. (Nasdaq: ISRL - News) reported today revenues for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2011 of $11,574,000 compared to revenues of $12,580,000 for the fourth ...

MarkWest Inks Anadarko Deal


Get In On This Small Oil And Gas Stock Before It Peaks


Pengrowth to buy NAL Energy for C$1.3 billion, boosts light oil assets


PSU consortium stays away from Cove bidding war


New Issue-Cimarex Energy sells $750 mln notes


SandRidge Energy Is a Tough Sell


Can Oil Driller Continental Resources Help Investors Tap Into Profits?


UPDATE 1-US natgas drilling rig count hits new 10-yr low


Energen CEO to Present at Howard Weil Energy Conference
[Business Wire] - Energen Corporation senior managers will meet with members of the investment community at the 40th Annual Howard Weil Energy Conference in New Orleans on March 27-28, 2012.

Moody's boosts Anadarko ratings


EPL to Present at the 40th Annual Howard Weil Energy Conference
[GlobeNewswire] - NEW ORLEANS -- Energy Partners, Ltd. (EPL or the Company) will present at the 40th Annual Howard Weil Energy Conference on Thursday, March 29, 2012 at 10:35 a.m. central time in New Orleans. Gary C. Hanna, ...

Provident Announces Webcast Information for Upcoming Special Meeting of Shareholders
[PR Newswire] - All values are in Canadian dollars.CALGARY, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ - Provident will hold a Special Meeting of Shareholders on Tuesday, March 27, 2012 at 9:00 a.m. MDT (11:00 a.m. EDT) in the Metropolitan ...

Let the gas flow
[at Financial Times] - Resource nationalism is a phenomenon that has troubled American oil companies in many parts of the world, from Venezuela to Russia. They are not used to being confronted by it at home.

Sinopec Earnings Rise 2% in 2011


Oil Giant Offers Global Energy Play


China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation Announces 2011 Annual Results
[PR Newswire] - BEIJING, March 25, 2012 /PRNewswire-Asia-FirstCall/ -- China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation ("Sinopec" or "the Company") (CH600028HKEX386NYSE: SNPLSE: SNP) today announced its ...

UPDATE 1-Sinopec Q4 net profit falls 30 pct, misses estimates


Chevron Wont Be Expelled From Brazil for Spills, Estado Says


Abu Dhabis Upper Zakum Oil Output to Fall Due to Work, JBC Says


Sinopec Q4 net profit falls 30 percent, misses estimates


Sinopec Q4 net profit falls 30 pct, misses estimates


Venezuela to pay $420 million to Williams and Exterran


Venezuela to pay $420 million to Williams and Exterran


REFILE-UPDATE 2-Venezuela to pay $420 mln to Williams and Exterran


Can Overseas Sales Drive Exxon's Growth?


Brazil may shift jurisdiction of Chevron case


Exxon Valdez likely headed for scrap heap in India


A Lot To Like About Statoil's Growth Prospects


Final Glance: Oil companies


Exxon Valdez sold, likely destined for scrap heap


Brazil Prosecutors Have 10 Days to Justify Chevron Jurisdiction


Pickens: Look at history of fracking for guidance


Does Transocean Pass Buffett's Test?


GAIL eyes project stakes, long-term deals


Weatherford names new CFO


Venoco, Inc. Announces Record Date for Special Meeting of Stockholders
[Marketwire] - DENVER, CO-- - Venoco, Inc. announced today that its board of directors has established April 11, 2012 as the record date for its special meeting of stockholders to consider and vote upon the previously ...

SD Makes Bullish Cross Above Critical Moving Average


Concho Resources Inc. Schedules First Quarter 2012 Conference Call for May 3, 2012
[Business Wire] - Concho Resources Inc. will host a conference call on Thursday, May 3, 2012, at 9:00 a.m. CT to discuss its first quarter financial and operating results.

China's Vipshop makes weak NYSE debut
[Reuters] - Shares of Chinese online retailer Vipshop Holdings fell as much as 12 percent in their New York market debut as even a sharp cut in the offer price failed to overcome concerns about mounting losses and ...

Sonde Resources Corp. Correction to Year End 2011 Financial and Operating Results
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Sonde Resources Corp. announced yesterday the release of its financial and operating results for the year ended December 31, 2011. There is a correction to the the following statement:Natural ...

[$$] Pengrowth to Buy NAL Energy in Friendly Stock Deal


SandRidge Energy Is a Tough Sell


Diamond to Offload Ocean Columbia


Chevron charges risk Brazil operations


SeaDrill Dividend and Potential Distracts Debt


BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P. to Present at the Barclays 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference on March 26
[Business Wire] - BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P. announced today that its management will present at the Barclays 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference in Phoenix, Arizona at 8:50 a.m.

5-Star Stocks Poised to Pop: Bill Barrett


Unit Corporation to Present at the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference
[Business Wire] - Unit Corporation announced today that it will present at the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference, which will be held March 25th  29th in New Orleans. Units presentation will be on Wednesday, March 28th at 2:05 p.m.

Rumor: SandRidge Energy active on unconfirmed takeover speculation


PGH Added as Top 10 Energy Dividend Stock With 8.48% Yield


[video] A Natural Gas Stock That Will Work


Dune Energy Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Dune Energy, Inc. (OCTBB: DUNR.OB - News) today announced results for the fourth quarter and calendar year 2011.Revenue and ProductionRevenue for the fourth quarter totaled ...

Hyperdynamics to Present at Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hyperdynamics Corporation (NYSE: HDY - News) today announced that the Company will be attending the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference to be held in New Orleans ...

Exterran to receive approx. $112M in connection with sale of Venezuelan JV


Exterran to Receive Approximately $112 Million in Connection with Sale of Venezuelan Joint Venture Assets
[Business Wire] - Exterran Holdings, Inc. today announced that WilPro Energy Services Limited and WilPro Energy Services Limited, the joint ventures owned by subsidiaries of Exterran and Williams , have completed the sale of the El Furrial and PIGAP II assets to PDVSA Gas, S.A.

If The Hunger Games Were Real This $7 Million Ranch Is Where You'd Train
[at Forbes] - A 250-acre compound with hunting and sporting amenities that would make a "Career Tribute" proud.

Exterran Holdings to Present at Howard Weil Energy Conference
[Business Wire] - Exterran Holdings, Inc. today announced that Brad Childers, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bill Austin, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, are scheduled to present at the Howard Weil Energy Conference in New Orleans on Wednesday, March 28, 2012 at 9:15 a.m.

Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Files Class Action Lawsuit Against Weatherford International, Ltd. (WFT)
[PR Newswire] - NEW YORK, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP has filed a class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, Case ...

UPDATE 1-Venezuela to pay $420 mln to Williams and Exterran


Venezuela to pay $420 mln to Williams and Exterran


Weatherford names new CFO


Geokinetics to Present at Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - HOUSTON, TEXAS - March 23, 2012 - Geokinetics Inc. (NYSE AMEX: GOK) today announced that Richard F. Miles, President and Chief Executive Officer, will present at the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy Conference ...

Geokinetics Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Financial Results
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - HOUSTON, TEXAS - March 23, 2012 - Geokinetics Inc. (NYSE Amex: GOK) today announced its financial results for the quarter and full year ended December 31, 2011. Fourth Quarter 2011 Results Geokinetics ...

DRQ Crosses Above Key Moving Average Level


Global Geophysical Services Prices $50 Million Private Senior Notes Offering
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Global Geophysical Services, Inc. today announced that it priced a private offering of $50 million in aggregate principal amount of 101/2% senior notes due 2017 (the "notes") to qualified ...

Weatherford Announces Officer Promotion
[PR Newswire] - GENEVA, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Weatherford International Ltd. (NYSE / Euronext Paris / SIX: WFT) announced today that Mr. John H. Briscoe has been appointed as our Senior Vice President and Chief ...

The Law Firm of Levi & Korsinsky Notifies Investors With Losses on Their Investment in Carbo Ceramics, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and the Deadline of April 9, 2012 to Seek a Lead Plaintiff Position
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - Levi & Korsinsky announces that a class action lawsuit has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of investors who purchased ...

Baker Hughes' Quest for Top Tech


Weekly US oil, gas rig count down 16 to 1,968


More Bad News For Baker Hughes: Credit Suisse Cuts Estimates


5 Reasons Why The Big Drop In Baker Hughes Is A Buying Opportunity


Weatherford International Passes This Key Test


Energy stocks rise after recent sell-off


A Hidden Reason Tesco's Earnings Are Outstanding


6 Reasons To Buy This $6 Stock
[at Seeking Alpha] - 6 Reasons To Buy This $6 Stock

Exterran to receive approx. $112M in connection with sale of Venezuelan JV


Exterran to Receive Approximately $112 Million in Connection with Sale of Venezuelan Joint Venture Assets
[Business Wire] - Exterran Holdings, Inc. today announced that WilPro Energy Services Limited and WilPro Energy Services Limited, the joint ventures owned by subsidiaries of Exterran and Williams , have completed the sale of the El Furrial and PIGAP II assets to PDVSA Gas, S.A.

UPDATE 1-Venezuela to pay $420 mln to Williams and Exterran


REFILE-UPDATE 2-CME to change heating oil futures specs to reflect sulfur change


UPDATE 2-CME: NY heating oil futures to be ULSD from May '13


Venezuela to pay $420 mln to Williams and Exterran


Plains Issues $1.25B Senior Notes


US Cash Products-Pipe outage, maintenance boost Chicago diesel


Targa Resources Partners LP to Present at the Barclays Capital 2012 High Yield Bond and Syndicated Loan Conference
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Targa Resources Partners LP ("Targa Resources Partners" or the "Partnership") announced today that representatives from Targa Resources Partners will present at the 2012 ...

US Cash Products-Pipeline outage boosts Chicago diesel


Regency Energy Partners to Host Annual Investor Day
[Business Wire] - Regency Energy Partners LP will host its fifth-annual meeting for analysts and investors, Wednesday, March 28th at the Rosewood Crescent Hotel in Dallas. For the schedu

Call seller sees cap on Williams gains


Genesis Energy, L.P. Prices Public Offering of Common Units
[Business Wire] - Genesis Energy, L.P. today announced the pricing of a registered underwritten public offering of 5,000,000 common units representing limited partner interests. The offering was priced at $30.80 per common unit.

Enbridge Gas Distribution Adjusts Prices
[Marketwire] - TORONTO, ONTARIO-- - Enbridge Gas Distribution Inc., a regulated natural gas distribution utility, announced today that it has received approval from the Ontario Energy Board for new rates effective April 1, 2012.For typical residential customers who buy their gas supply and transportation from Enbridge ...

Genesis Energy, L.P. Announces Public Offering of Common Units
[Business Wire] - Genesis Energy, L.P. today announced the commencement of a registered underwritten public offering of 5,000,000 common units representing limited partner interests. The underwriters are expected to be granted a 30-day option to purchase up to 750,000 additional common units from us.

US Cash Products-Harbor gasoline rallies on tight supply


COLUMN-For Goldman expose, forget Greg Smith: Frankel


Searching For Yield? MLPs May Fit The Bill


Magellan shuts oil products pipeline after diesel leak


[$$] Gas Set to Test Capacity Limits


3 Ways To Reap The Dividends From Kinder Morgan And El Paso Merger


El Paso refinery worker dies from injuries -local media


Valero's Port Arthur refinery coker malfunctions-filing


Refiner Still Dirt-Cheap As It Barrels Toward New Highs


US Cash Crude-Differentials rise as arb widens on last roll day


Alon Refining Krotz Springs Schedules Fourth Quarter and Year End 2011 Conference Call for Bondholders
[PR Newswire] - DALLAS, March 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Alon Refining Krotz Springs, Inc. (the "Company") announced that it has scheduled a conference call for its current bondholders to be held on Thursday, ...

Feds to provide aid for idled Pa. refinery workers


[$$] YPF Loss Two More Argentine Concessions


7 Reasons To Own This 5% Yielder For The Long Term


US Cash Crude-Thin trade, higher prices on wider arb


YPF loses two concession contracts in Mendoza, Buenos Aires Herald reports


Russia Raises Crude Oil Duty by Most in Year After Urals Gains


China Valves Technology: A Closer Look At Recent Developments And Business Outlook


Fitch downgrades Repsol, deconsolidates from YPF


HollyFrontier Corporation (HFC): Zacks Rank Buy


Delek US Holdings to Participate in the Howard Weil Energy Conference on March 27
[Business Wire] - Delek US Holdings, Inc. today announced that President and CEO Uzi Yemin and other members of executive management will participate in the Howard Weil 40th Annual Energy

US Cash Crude-Seaway reversal weighs on Midwest grades


Retired Hess engineer named as ND energy official


US WCoast Products - Gasoline rises on work


Dynamic Fuels Facility Not Impacted by Neighboring Plant Fire
[GlobeNewswire] - TULSA, Okla. -- The fire reported at Westlake Chemical in Geismar, Louisiana on Thursday, March 22, 2012 did not impact the Dynamic Fuels facility.

Alon USA to Participate at the 40th Annual Howard Weil Energy Conference
[PR Newswire] - DALLAS, March 22, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Alon USA Energy, Inc. (NYSE: ALJ - News) ("Alon") today announced that the Company's management will be participating in one-on-one meetings with institutional ...

US Cash Crude-Midwest grades pulled down by Seaway reversal


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.85
[3.85, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85]

Indianapolis
3.848
[3.84, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85, 3.85]

USA Average
3.86

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
106.75

Brent Prices
125.1

