This file created: April-28 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Police blow Wash. mountain bunker, find man dead
NORTH BEND, Wash. (AP)  Peter Keller spent eight years carving his hole in the side of the mountain, camouflaging the rugged underground bunker with ferns and sticks and stocking it with a generator and ammunition boxes sealed in Ziploc bags. Suspected in the deaths of his wife, daughter and pets last weekend, he headed there prepared for the long haul with high-powered rifles, scope and body armor.

Romney shakes up the strategy, tones down rhetoric
WESTERVILLE, Ohio (AP)  Mitt Romney's Etch A Sketch moment is at hand.

Syria derides UN chief as peace plan in crisis
BEIRUT (AP)  Syria derided U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon as biased and called his comments "outrageous" Saturday after he blamed the regime for widespread cease-fire violations  the latest sign of trouble for an international peace plan many expect to fail.

Report: 1 dead after tent collapses in storm
ST. LOUIS (AP)  One person has died and more than a dozen were taken to a hospital with injuries after high winds blew over a beer tent near Busch Stadium.

Fla. boy struck by SUV, killed at softball game
TITUSVILLE, Fla. (AP)  The wife of the police chief in a central Florida community accidentally ran over a family friend's 22-month-old son in a parking lot, authorities said.

Who will Obama poke fun at during reporters' gala?
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama mocked Donald Trump's White House ambitions in biting remarks at last year's White House Correspondents' Association dinner.

Rose to miss rest of season with torn ACL
CHICAGO (AP)  Bulls star Derrick Rose will miss the rest of the season because of a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee.

Bulls lose Rose to torn ACL in win over 76ers
CHICAGO (AP)  Derrick Rose crumbled to the floor, clutching his left knee. His season is over and the Bulls' title hopes just might be finished, too.

Toon, Miller face big challenges in NFL
NEW YORK (AP)  Nick Toon and Lamar Miller know all about tough tasks. Their challenges won't get any easier as they head to the NFL.

Chaperones among new Secret Service conduct rules
WASHINGTON (AP)  Embarrassed by a prostitution scandal, the Secret Service will assign chaperones on some trips to enforce new rules of conduct that make clear that excessive drinking, entertaining foreigners in their hotel rooms and cavorting in disreputable establishments are no longer tolerated.

Police blow Wash. mountain bunker, find man dead
NORTH BEND, Wash. (AP)  Peter Keller spent eight years carving his hole in the side of the mountain, camouflaging the rugged underground bunker with ferns and sticks and stocking it with a generator and ammunition boxes sealed in Ziploc bags. Suspected in the deaths of his wife, daughter and pets last weekend, he headed there prepared for the long haul with high-powered rifles, scope and body armor.

Chaperones among new Secret Service conduct rules
WASHINGTON (AP)  Embarrassed by a prostitution scandal, the Secret Service will assign chaperones on some trips to enforce new rules of conduct that make clear that excessive drinking, entertaining foreigners in their hotel rooms and cavorting in disreputable establishments are no longer tolerated.

Fla. boy struck by SUV, killed at softball game
TITUSVILLE, Fla. (AP)  The wife of the police chief in a central Florida community accidentally ran over a family friend's 22-month-old son in a parking lot, authorities said.

Moderate earthquake shakes Southern California
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Some Southern Californians were shaken out of bed Saturday morning by a small earthquake that rattled homes across the Inland Empire region and caused buildings to sway in downtown Los Angeles.

Who will Obama poke fun at during reporters' gala?
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama mocked Donald Trump's White House ambitions in biting remarks at last year's White House Correspondents' Association dinner.

Child migrant surge to US stresses support system
McALLEN, Texas (AP)  An unprecedented surge of children caught trudging through South Texas scrublands or crossing at border ports of entry into the U.S. without their families has sent government and nonprofit agencies scrambling to expand their shelter, legal representation and reunification services. On any given day this year, the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement has been caring for more than 2,100 unaccompanied child immigrants.

1 year later, Ala residents recall deadly twisters
People across Alabama are remembering the horror of a deadly twister outbreak a year ago that left more than 250 people dead. Memorials have been held in the college town of Tuscaloosa and smaller communities still struggling to rebuild since April 27, 2011. Empty lots and debris still remain in many areas lain to waste after 62 tornadoes tore through the state.

Man booked in hammer deaths of Vegas mom, child
LAS VEGAS (AP)  Using a hammer as a weapon, a "complete stranger" with no significant criminal history allegedly chose a family at random and attacked them in their home, killing a woman and her daughter, in a brutal crime that left investigators both baffled and aghast.

Calif. rescuers hope dolphin finds way back to sea
HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. (AP)  A wayward dolphin that has spent two days in a narrow wetlands channel along the southern California coast was on its way out to the ocean Saturday when it suddenly turned tail and swam back to shallow waters.

Obama flashing executive power in election year
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama, flashing his executive power in an election year, is promoting measures to safeguard veterans and members of the military against unscrupulous college recruiters.

Syria derides UN chief as peace plan in crisis
BEIRUT (AP)  Syria derided U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon as biased and called his comments "outrageous" Saturday after he blamed the regime for widespread cease-fire violations  the latest sign of trouble for an international peace plan many expect to fail.

Group: Blind Chinese activist under US protection
BEIJING (AP)  A blind legal activist who escaped house arrest in his Chinese village is under the protection of American officials, activists said Saturday, creating a diplomatic dilemma for the U.S. and Beijing days ahead of a visit by Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton.

Tear gas used as 25,000 rally for Malaysia reforms
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP)  Police unleashed tear gas and chemical-laced water Saturday at thousands of demonstrators who staged one of Malaysia's largest street rallies in years, demanding fair rules for national elections expected soon.

ElBaradei returns to Egypt politics with new party
CAIRO (AP)  Reform leader Mohamed ElBaradei launched a new political party Saturday that he said aims to unite Egyptians and save the country's revolution from a messy democratic transition.

Saudi closes embassy in Egypt following protests
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP)  Saudi Arabia closed its Cairo embassy Saturday and recalled its ambassador following protests over a detained Egyptian human rights lawyer in a sharp escalation of tension between two regional powerhouses already on shaky terms due to uprisings in the Arab world.

Israeli ex-intel chief slams PM's Iran stance
JERUSALEM (AP)  The former head of Israel's Shin Bet security agency has accused the country's political leaders of exaggerating the effectiveness of a possible military attack on Iran, in a striking indication of Israel's turmoil over how to deal with the Iranian nuclear program.

Gunmen kill 2 guards in attack on Afghan governor
KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (AP)  Two Taliban militants hiding handguns in their shoes infiltrated a government compound in southern Afghanistan on Saturday in an attempt to assassinate a provincial governor, setting off a fierce gunbattle that left two security guards and both attackers dead.

Large van bomb defused on Northern Ireland border
DUBLIN (AP)  British army experts defused a 600-pound (275-kilogram) van bomb Saturday on the Northern Ireland border, the largest such bomb in more than a year linked to Irish Republican Army die-hards.

Pirate party makes a raid on German politics
BERLIN (AP)  Pirates are capturing Germany's political system.

Obama releases $147M in aid to Palestinians
JERUSALEM (AP)  American aid officials said Saturday they will restore development programs for Palestinians after President Barack Obama ended a six-month funding freeze that shut down the local Sesame Street and other projects.

Romney shakes up the strategy, tones down rhetoric
WESTERVILLE, Ohio (AP)  Mitt Romney's Etch A Sketch moment is at hand.

PROMISES, PROMISES: Romney pledges raise questions
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is making campaign promises that could produce an economic miracle  or a more predictable list of broken vows.

Obama flashing executive power in election year
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama, flashing his executive power in an election year, is promoting measures to safeguard veterans and members of the military against unscrupulous college recruiters.

Rubio campaign fined for improper contributions
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Senate campaign of Florida Republican Marco Rubio has agreed to pay an $8,000 fine for accepting slightly more than $210,000 in improper contributions.

For Obama, bin Laden killing becomes campaign tool
WASHINGTON (AP)  The killing of Osama bin Laden, first presented as a moment of national unity by President Barack Obama, has become something else: a political weapon.

Obama makes health care appeal to female voters
WASHINGTON (AP)  Casting his re-election along gender lines, President Barack Obama told hundreds of female supporters Friday that Republicans seem determined to meddle in women's health decisions in ways that are "appalling, offensive and out of touch."

Suddenly Someone: Finding fleeting political fame
WASHINGTON (AP)  Wanna be famous?

House OKs student loan bill, ignores veto threat
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republicans defied a veto threat and the House voted Friday to prevent federal loan costs from doubling for millions of college students. The vote gave the GOP a momentary election-year triumph on a bill that has become enmeshed in partisan battles over the economy, women's issues and President Barack Obama's health care overhaul.

FCC requires TV stations to post rate info online
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Federal Communications Commission has voted to require TV stations to post online the advertising rates they charge political candidates and advocacy groups.

Lawmakers optimistic about cyber bill prospects
WASHINGTON (AP)  House Republicans and Democrats expressed optimism Friday about sending a cybersecurity bill to President Barack Obama this year despite significant disagreements with the Senate and the White House.

German opposition says EU treaty likely delayed
BERLIN (AP)  German Chancellor Angela Merkel's refusal to amend a European treaty on fiscal discipline with measures to promote growth in struggling EU countries might delay the deal's ratification in Germany, an opposition leader said.

China and Russia sign contracts worth $15 billion
MOSCOW (AP)  Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang has announced the signing of contracts between China and Russia worth a total of $15 billion.

Obama flashing executive power in election year
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama, flashing his executive power in an election year, is promoting measures to safeguard veterans and members of the military against unscrupulous college recruiters.

Dubai spends $250M to get full control of Atlantis
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP)  Dubai says it now has full control of the Atlantis resort hotel perched atop its palm-shaped island.

US raises hope of sale of new fighters to Taiwan
TAIPEI, Taiwan (AP)  The administration of President Barack Obama is raising the possibility that it could sell new jet fighter aircraft to Taiwan to help redress the island's air power deficit with China.

Growth slowed at year's start but some see rebound
WASHINGTON (AP)  Don't panic yet. The government reported Friday that the economy got off to a tepid start this year, but that doesn't foreshadow a repeat of the near-standstill that happened in 2011.

Ford 1Q earns fall on Europe slump, tax rate
DEARBORN, Mich. (AP)  Ford Motor Co. has tidied up North America, sweeping out old products and excess costs. But the rest of the world keeps making a mess.

Regulators close 5 banks in 4 states
WASHINGTON (AP)  Federal regulators have closed two banks in Maryland and one each in Minnesota, South Carolina and California, bringing to 22 the number of U.S. banks that have failed so far this year.

Automakers may have dodged resin shortage threat
DEARBORN, Mich. (AP)  The auto industry may have steered its way around another crisis, avoiding a second major disruption of its supply chain in a year.

Spain crisis deepens with jobless rise, downgrade
MADRID (AP)  The hole in Spain's economy is getting deeper.

Pirate party makes a raid on German politics
BERLIN (AP)  Pirates are capturing Germany's political system.

Samsung coyness puts smartphone crown in dispute
NEW YORK (AP)  Smartphones are the hottest gadgets in the world. But who's the biggest smartphone maker? We don't really know.

FCC requires TV stations to post rate info online
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Federal Communications Commission has voted to require TV stations to post online the advertising rates they charge political candidates and advocacy groups.

Amazon, Texas reach deal to settle sales tax spat
AUSTIN, Texas (AP)  Online retailer Amazon.com reached an agreement with Texas officials Friday to settle a sales tax dispute by expanding operations in the state and starting to collect sales taxes.

Eastman Kodak 1Q loss widens
NEW YORK (AP)  Eastman Kodak Co. said Friday that its first-quarter loss widened on hefty charges related to its reorganization under bankruptcy protection and a drop in sales.

Yahoo escalates patent battle with Facebook
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Yahoo is bringing out more artillery in its patent battle with Facebook.

Smartphones fuel Samsung profit to record
SEOUL, South Korea (AP)  A surge in Galaxy smartphone sales fueled earnings at Samsung Electronics to a record high in the first quarter, usually a tough season for the global consumer electronics industry, outshining handset rivals such as Nokia Corp.

Zynga investors worry about growth, shares slump
NEW YORK (AP)  Shares of Zynga Inc. declined further on Friday, even after the online game maker reported first-quarter results that surpassed Wall Street's expectations. Nervous investors are looking for any signs of a slowdown for the young company, which completed its initial public offering in December.

Lawmakers optimistic about cyber bill prospects
WASHINGTON (AP)  House Republicans and Democrats expressed optimism Friday about sending a cybersecurity bill to President Barack Obama this year despite significant disagreements with the Senate and the White House.

Hubbub over content rights greets Google Drive
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Google CEO Larry Page recently wrote that he hopes to show the company is "deserving of great love." But the Internet search leader may need to win more trust, based on the suspicions swirling around Google Drive, a new online storage service for personal documents, photos and other content.

Lost dolphin wanders into Calif. wetlands
HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. (AP)  A dolphin wandered into a narrow channel in a coastal wetlands on Friday, circling in shallow waters as crowds grew along the banks, TV helicopters flew overhead and marine animal experts considered how to return it to the ocean.

Holstein with mad cow disease was lame, lying down
FRESNO, Calif. (AP)  The California dairy cow found to have mad cow disease was very old for a milk producer and had been euthanized after it became lame and started lying down, federal officials revealed in their latest update on the discovery.

Space shuttle arrives in NYC; crowds watch in awe
NEW YORK (AP)  In a city understandably wary of low-flying aircraft, New Yorkers and tourists alike watched with joy and excitement Friday as space shuttle Enterprise sailed over the skyline on its final flight before it becomes a museum piece.

Soyuz craft carrying three-man crew lands safely
ALMATY, Kazakhstan (AP)  A Soyuz space capsule carrying two Russians and an American touched down safely Friday on the sweeping steppes of central Kazakhstan, ending the men's 163-day stay on the International Space Station.

Rare Philippine turtles returned by Hong Kong
MANILA, Philippines (AP)  Turtles represent longevity and good luck, and that's certainly true for 18 rare smuggled turtles that were returned from Hong Kong to their native Philippines.

Student researcher spies odd lava spirals on Mars
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A researcher has spotted lava flows shaped like coils of rope near the equator of Mars, the first time such geologic features have been discovered outside of Earth.

Study: Ancient migrants spread farming in Europe
NEW YORK (AP)  Thousands of years ago, farming spread across Europe and replaced the hunter-gatherer lifestyle of early inhabitants. Now a study of ancient DNA says that trend was driven by farmers moving from place to place.

Study: Antarctic ice melting from warm water below
WASHINGTON (AP)  Antarctica's massive ice shelves are shrinking because they are being eaten away from below by warm water, a new study finds. That suggests that future sea levels could rise faster than many scientists have been predicting.

Meteorites found in Calif. along path of fireball
RENO, Nev. (AP)  Robert Ward has been hunting and collecting meteorites for more than 20 years, so he knew he'd found something special in the Sierra foothills along the path of a flaming fireball that shook parts of Northern California and Nevada with a sonic boom over the weekend.

Ohio man's fossil find in Kentucky stumps experts
DAYTON, Ohio (AP)  Experts are trying to figure out what a fossil dubbed "Godzillus" used to be.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Noble Energy Outruns Estimates Again


Law Office of Brodsky & Smith, LLC Announces Investigation of GeoResources, Inc.
[PR Newswire] - BALA CYNWYD, Pa., April 28, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Law office of Brodsky & Smith, LLC announces that it is investigating potential claims against the Board of Directors of GeoResources, Inc. ("GeoResources" ...

Debt-Free Dividend Paying Trusts


3 Reasons To Consider EXCO Resources


Exclusive: Chesapeake board member lent money to CEO McClendon
[Reuters] - As Chesapeake Energy Corp.'s board of directors moves to distance itself from loans taken by CEO Aubrey McClendon, documents reviewed by Reuters show that at least one former board member had undisclosed ...

Sunpeaks Ventures Signs Advertising Agreement for Clotamin with CBS Radio WFAN 660AM


Suncor's Growth Story


Cabot's New Pipeline Project Will Drive Stock Higher Into 2013


Pomerantz Law Firm Has Filed a Class Action Against Houston American Energy Corp. -- HUSA
[GlobeNewswire] - NEW YORK -- Pomerantz Haudek Grossman & Gross LLP has filed a federal securities class action (12-cv-01332) in the United States District Court, Southern District of Texas, on behalf of all persons who ...

Nexen Our Favorite Pick Among 5 Candidates


EXCO Resources: Deep Value Or Deep Trouble?


Exclusive: Chesapeake board member lent money to CEO McClendon
[Reuters] - As Chesapeake Energy Corp.'s board of directors moves to distance itself from loans taken by CEO Aubrey McClendon, documents reviewed by Reuters show that at least one former board member had undisclosed ...

Quicksilver Resources Announces First-Quarter 2012 Earnings Call
[Marketwire] - FORT WORTH, TX-- - Quicksilver Resources Inc. today announced the company expects to release first-quarter 2012 earnings on Tuesday, May 8, 2012, before the market opens. The company will host a conference ...

Suncor Energy Inc (SU): Today's Featured Basic Materials Winner


Chesapeake Bars Executives From Well Deals That Enriched Chief


Apache: This Oil & Gas King Will Hit $135 By 2014


Chesapeake Energy plugs blown oil well leaking gas


5 Reasons Why Chesapeake Shares Should Be Sold


How Chesapeake Energy Can Be Saved (From Itself): Opinion


UPDATE 1-Chesapeake Wyoming well leak under control


4 Things to Watch When Chesapeake Reports Results


Is this Stock a Potential Multibagger?


ExxonMobil Makes 'Eenie, Meenie, Miney, Mo' Obsolete


4 Things to Watch When Chesapeake Reports Results


Buy This Oil Stock Now While The Price Is Low


Repsol Considers Sale of 10% in Brazil Unit, Economista Says


Chevron Is A Great Dividend Stock


1 Fat Dividend Just Got Fatter


Chevron Misses Forecasts Despite Higher Oil Prices


In Alaska, plan to cut oil taxes hits a wall


Oil price, margin lift Chevron


Chevron sticks with oil. And it pays off.


Final Glance: Oil companies


GDP Growth Slows As Investment Falls; Consumers Solid
[Investor's Business Daily] - Full content sent to and hosted by Yahoo!General NewsHealth & MedicineIndustry SnapshotNew Issue AmericaReal EstateTop 10Feature StoryInvestor's Corner

Analyst Moves: MDRX, OXY
[at Forbes] - Allscripts (MDRX) was downgraded today from buy to hold by Jefferies (JEF) with a price target of $10.50 due weak bookings and poor operating results. Shares are lower by about 35.5 percent. Occidental Petroleum (OXY) today had its estimates lowered by UBS (UBS) as the company has been facing increasing costs, as [...]

Analyst Moves: MDRX, OXY
[at Forbes] - Allscripts (MDRX) was downgraded today from buy to hold by Jefferies (JEF) with a price target of $10.50 due weak bookings and poor operating results. Shares are lower by about 35.5 percent. Occidental Petroleum (OXY) today had its estimates lowered by UBS (UBS) as the company has been facing increasing costs, as [...]

UPDATE 1-Union, Exxon scrap over refinery contract, safety


Chevron Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Chevron Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Chevron Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

ExxonMobil Makes 'Eenie, Meenie, Miney, Mo' Obsolete


ExxonMobil Makes 'Eenie, Meenie, Miney, Mo' Obsolete


Market map: Energy's a drag


TOTAL's EPS Matches Zacks Estimate


4 Energy Stocks Active Among Traders Following Earnings


ExxonMobil Makes 'Eenie, Meenie, Miney, Mo' Obsolete


Shallow Water Drilling = Big Losses


Shallow Water Drilling = Big Losses


Shallow Water Drilling = Big Losses


Will SeaDrill Benefit From the "Super Spike" in Dayrates?


Will SeaDrill Benefit From the "Super Spike" in Dayrates?


Will SeaDrill Benefit From the "Super Spike" in Dayrates?


Law Office of Brodsky & Smith, LLC Announces Investigation of GeoResources, Inc.
[PR Newswire] - BALA CYNWYD, Pa., April 28, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Law office of Brodsky & Smith, LLC announces that it is investigating potential claims against the Board of Directors of GeoResources, Inc. ("GeoResources" ...

Drilling for Deep Sea Gold


This Just In: More Upgrades and Downgrades


NOBLE/BRIEF (URGENT)


Shallow Water Drilling = Big Losses


KEG Stock Crowded With Sellers


Chesapeake Bars Executives From Well Deals That Enriched Chief


Patterson-UTI Beats Estimates


Key Energy shares fall on 1Q results, 2012 outlook


What to Watch for When Kodiak Reports Results


Will SeaDrill Benefit From the "Super Spike" in Dayrates?


The Gory Details on Hercules Offshore's Double Miss


Forbes Earnings Preview: Rowan Companies


Debt-Free Dividend Paying Trusts


Key Energy Services Misses on Both Revenue and Earnings


Will These Energy Stocks Bounce Back?


Cameron Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- In conjunction with Cameron's (CAM) Second Quarter earnings release, you are invited to listen to its conference call that will be broadcast live over the ...

Weatherford International Ltd (WFT): Today's Featured Basic Materials Loser


BRIEF - Moody's disclosures on credit ratings for Baker Hughes


GIFI Crosses Above Key Moving Average Level


Oil States International's CEO Discusses 1Q 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Oil States International's CEO Discusses 1Q 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Carbo Ceramics Stock Crowded With Sellers


Why Newpark Resources Shares Got Crushed


Schlumberger's Stock by the Numbers


Why Oil States International Shares Jumped


Superior Energy Services' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Superior Energy Services' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

13 Dividend Stocks With Buy Ratings From Canaccord Genuity


Weekly US oil, gas rig count down by 27 to 1,945


Gulf Island Fabrication posts 1Q profit


Why the Street Should Love Core Laboratories' Earnings


The Morning Leverage: Executing An Exit Strategy


Caterpillar: So Solid, So Well Positioned


Energy Concern Reports 'Superior' Quarter And Still Has Substantial Upside


Oceaneering upgraded to Add from Neutral at Capital One


Synergy Resources Increases Revolving Line of Credit to $20 Million
[PR Newswire] - PLATTEVILLE, Colo., April 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Synergy Resources Corporation (SYRG), a domestic oil and gas exploration and production company focused in the Denver-Julesburg Basin (the ...

4 Stocks to Energize Your Portfolio


Noble: A Solid Play in Energy


DCP Midstream Partners Declares Increase in Quarterly Distribution
[Business Wire] - DCP Midstream Partners, LP today announced that the board of directors of its general partner declared a quarterly cash distribution of $0.66 per unit for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.

Williams Companies Misses on Revenues but Beats on EPS


Kinder Morgans Platte Pipeline 85% Oversubscribed for May


Kinder Morgan rations no space on Express in May


Oiltanking Partners LP Goes Ex-Dividend Soon


Has Buckeye Partners Become the Perfect Stock?


A Covered Call To Take Advantage Of Plains All American Pipeline's Dividend


FERC Approves Northwest Pipeline Pre-filed Rate Settlement
[Business Wire] - Williams Partners L.P. announced today that its Northwest Pipeline system received approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission on a pre-filed rate settlement

TC Pipelines Looks Very Attractive


Take Advantage Of Energy Transfer Partners' Incredible Yield


TEXT-S&P rates Kinder Morgan new debt 'BB'


Delayed deals cut Evercore earnings
[at Financial Times] - Evercore, the independent investment bank, posted disappointing earnings for the first quarter after three big deals failed to close and expenses crept higher.

Updated Enhanced Income Strategy For Spectra Energy


Williams Companies' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Williams Companies' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

NuStar Energy Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


El Paso Pipeline Partners to Release First Quarter 2012 Results on May 3, 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - El Paso Pipeline Partners, L.P. will release first quarter 2012 financial and operational results before the market opens on Thursday, May 3, 2012. Detailed financial and operational information ...

El Paso Corporation to Release First Quarter 2012 Results on May 3, 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - El Paso Corporation will release first quarter 2012 financial and operational results before the market opens on Thursday, May 3, 2012. Detailed financial and operational information will ...

KKR's Healthy Pipeline


El Paso Pipeline Partners Ex-Dividend Reminder


Enbridge Inc. Declares June 1 Dividends
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Enbridge Inc. announced today that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend on its common shares of $0.2825 per share, payable on June 1, 2012 to shareholders of record ...

Imperial Oil Beats Analyst Estimates on EPS


UPDATE 1-Marathon plans Garyville HCU expansion in November-filing


Everything You Need To Know About Vaca Muerta, One Of The Biggest Shale Fields Outside Of North America


Valero Energy Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Marathon plans Garyville HCU expansion in November-filing


Sunoco Inc. First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Forbes Earnings Preview: Murphy Oil


Forbes Earnings Preview: Marathon Oil


Forbes Earnings Preview: Tesoro


Forbes Earnings Preview: Sunoco


Tesoro Corporation Stock Getting Very Oversold


Syntroleum's First Quarter 2012 Earnings and Dynamic Fuels Plant Update Conference Call Scheduled for May 3, 2012
[GlobeNewswire] - TULSA, Okla. -- Syntroleum Corporation today announced the Company will host a conference call for investors to discuss its first quarter 2012 results and to update the status of the Dynamic Fuels Geismar ...

Tesoro Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Murphy Oil Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Argentina: Don't Feel Too Sorry For Repsol


Why Delek US Holdings' Earnings May Not Be So Hot


Marathon Oil Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Renewable Energy's Oh Discusses IPO, Biodiesel Fuel (Audio)


Energy stocks move up, Chevron flat


Hedge Fund Manager Barry Rosensteins Top 10 Picks Returned 15% this Year


Eagle Rock Energy Partners Issues Reminder Regarding Final Warrant Exercise Date on May 15th
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Eagle Rock Energy Partners, L.P. (the "Partnership" or "Eagle Rock") hereby reminds its warrant holders that the final exercise date for the Eagle Rock outstanding warrants ...

Chesapeake Midstream Partners, L.P. Increases Distribution to $0.405 Per Unit for the 2012 First Quarter
[Business Wire] - Chesapeake Midstream Partners, L.P. today announced that the Board of Directors of its general partner declared a cash distribution of $0.405 per limited partner unit for the 2012 first quarter.

==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.674
[3.66, 3.66, 3.68, 3.68, 3.69]

Indianapolis
3.71
[3.69, 3.71, 3.71, 3.71, 3.73]

USA Average
3.81

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
104.81

Brent Prices
119.83

