This file created: April-23 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Social Security heading for insolvency even faster
WASHINGTON (AP)  Social Security is rushing even faster toward insolvency, driven by retiring baby boomers, a weak economy and politicians' reluctance to take painful action to fix the huge retirement and disability program.

Romney backs student loan proposal Obama supports
ASTON, Pa. (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney on Monday embraced a student loan proposal that President Barack Obama is selling on the campaign trail and refused to endorse Sen. Marco Rubio's conservative immigration plan aimed at helping young illegal immigrants.

Now out of jail, George Zimmerman fades from sight
SANFORD, Fla. (AP)  George Zimmerman, who slipped out of jail on $150,000 bail in the early morning darkness, went back into hiding Monday and likely fled to another state to avoid threats as he awaits his second-degree murder trial for the killing of Trayvon Martin.

High court hears Arizona immigration dispute
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Supreme Court will referee another major clash between the Obama administration and the states, this one over Arizona's crackdown on illegal immigrants. The case could add fuel to the partisan split over tough state immigration laws backed by Republicans but challenged by the administration.

Ex-Edwards aide takes stand against former boss
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP)  Andrew Young was once much more than an aide to John Edwards.

Syrian forces kill dozens after UN monitors' visit
BEIRUT (AP)  A day ago, crowds in the Syrian city of Hama welcomed a U.N. team sent in to observe a shaky truce. On Monday, government troops opened fire on the same streets, killing dozens, activists said, raising fears the regime is targeting opponents emboldened to protest by the U.N. monitors.

Dangerous booby traps found on popular Utah trail
SALT LAKE CITY (AP)  A deadly booby trap rigged along a popular Utah trail could have killed someone if they had tripped a ground wire set up to send a 20-pound, spiked boulder swinging into an unsuspecting hiker, authorities said Monday.

Twins born after mom stays on respirator for month
DETROIT (AP)  Vance Terrell offered encouraging words to his pregnant sister during visits to a western Michigan hospital. It didn't matter that she couldn't see or hear him, and would never hold her twin sons.

"Beautiful Bulldog" contest winner gives good face
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP)  Tyson, a beloved English bulldog, doesn't bite ears like his namesake, boxer Mike Tyson, but he does share a title  champion.

APNewsBreak: Might be no written decision in Braun
NEW YORK (AP)  There may never be a written decision explaining why Ryan Braun's drug suspension was overturned.

Ex-Edwards aide takes stand against former boss
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP)  Andrew Young was once much more than an aide to John Edwards.

Dangerous booby traps found on popular Utah trail
SALT LAKE CITY (AP)  A deadly booby trap rigged along a popular Utah trail could have killed someone if they had tripped a ground wire set up to send a 20-pound, spiked boulder swinging into an unsuspecting hiker, authorities said Monday.

Twins born after mom stays on respirator for month
DETROIT (AP)  Vance Terrell offered encouraging words to his pregnant sister during visits to a western Michigan hospital. It didn't matter that she couldn't see or hear him, and would never hold her twin sons.

12th military member tied to prostitution scandal
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Secret Service prostitution scandal grew Monday to include a 12th member of the U.S. military as the Pentagon suspended the security clearances of all the military personnel who have been implicated. The Secret Service has also taken action against 12 of its employees.

Prosecutors open with Hudson at murder trial
CHICAGO (AP)  The trial of the man accused of killing Jennifer Hudson's family opened with the marquee witness, as prosecutors put the actress and singer on the stand Monday for emotional testimony that may leave a strong impression on jurors.

Social Security heading for insolvency even faster
WASHINGTON (AP)  Social Security is rushing even faster toward insolvency, driven by retiring baby boomers, a weak economy and politicians' reluctance to take painful action to fix the huge retirement and disability program.

Ted Nugent set for court date in illegal kill case
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP)  Rocker Ted Nugent is scheduled for a court hearing in Alaska on Tuesday, when he is expected to plead guilty to transporting a black bear he illegally killed.

Now out of jail, George Zimmerman fades from sight
SANFORD, Fla. (AP)  George Zimmerman, who slipped out of jail on $150,000 bail in the early morning darkness, went back into hiding Monday and likely fled to another state to avoid threats as he awaits his second-degree murder trial for the killing of Trayvon Martin.

Nobel laureates: War must only be last resort
CHICAGO (AP)  Poverty, a lack of education and arms proliferation present daunting obstacles, yet peace can be achieved if world leaders are more willing to talk and young people are encouraged to get involved, Nobel Peace Prize winners said Monday at their annual meeting.

Experts: Child abductions at home relatively rare
TUCSON, Ariz. (AP)  Polly Klaas. Elizabeth Smart. Megan Kanka. The names are synonymous with a parent's worst nightmare: a child snatched by a stranger from the safety of her own home.

Sarkozy targets far-right in bid to win runoff
PARIS (AP)  President Nicolas Sarkozy starkly laid out his path to re-election Monday: He will be plunging deep into far-right territory to hunt the votes he needs to beat Socialist challenger Francois Hollande in the runoff.

ECB officials resist nudge from IMF, US to do more
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP)  Officials from the European Central Bank are pushing back against calls from the United States and the International Monetary Fund to offer more support to the struggling economies of the 17 countries that use the euro and indebted governments.

Son: Robin Gibb beat the odds in waking from coma
LONDON (AP)  The son of Robin Gibb says the Bee Gees star has beaten the odds by waking from a coma just days after doctors said he may not survive.

Official: Sudan bombs 3 areas in South Sudan
RUBKONA, South Sudan (AP)  Sudanese warplanes bombed a market and an oil field in South Sudan on Monday, killing at least two people after Sudanese ground forces had reportedly crossed into South Sudan with tanks and artillery, elevating the risk of all-out war between the two old enemies.

Syrian forces kill dozens after UN monitors' visit
BEIRUT (AP)  A day ago, crowds in the Syrian city of Hama welcomed a U.N. team sent in to observe a shaky truce. On Monday, government troops opened fire on the same streets, killing dozens, activists said, raising fears the regime is targeting opponents emboldened to protest by the U.N. monitors.

EU imposes new sanctions on Syrian regime
LUXEMBOURG (AP)  The European Union on Monday banned the sale of luxury goods and products to Syria that can have military as well as civilian uses as the U.N. political chief demanded that the Syrian government stop using heavy weapons and comply with a cease-fire.

Wild bison with TB may have to be killed in Poland
WARSAW, Poland (AP)  A herd of 25 wild European bison infected with tuberculosis should be killed to prevent the disease from spreading to other herds in southeastern Poland, officials said Monday.

US-Afghan security pact sends warning to al-Qaida
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP)  A new strategic partnership that commits the U.S. to defend Afghanistan militarily for 10 years after most foreign forces leave in 2014 is intended to signal that the U.S. will not tolerate a resurgent al-Qaida or attacks launched by militants from neighboring Pakistan.

Trial sharpens focus on Breivik's mental state
OSLO, Norway (AP)  Confessed mass killer Anders Behring Breivik vehemently defended his sanity Monday after a forensic panel found flaws in a psychiatric report that declared him sane in the eyes of the law.

Egypt denies 8 US nonprofits license to operate
CAIRO (AP)  Egyptian authorities have denied permission to eight American nonprofit groups to operate locally, including a center headed by former President Jimmy Carter that monitors elections, a ministry official said Monday.

THE RACE: Trivial issues fly in White House race
These are the dog days of the presidential race, so to speak.

Romney backs student loan proposal Obama supports
ASTON, Pa. (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney on Monday embraced a student loan proposal that President Barack Obama is selling on the campaign trail and refused to endorse Sen. Marco Rubio's conservative immigration plan aimed at helping young illegal immigrants.

Romney says he enjoyed French vacations
ASTON, Pa. (AP)  Mitt Romney spent two years as a Mormon missionary in France but says his best memories of the country are from vacations there.

12th military member tied to prostitution scandal
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Secret Service prostitution scandal grew Monday to include a 12th member of the U.S. military as the Pentagon suspended the security clearances of all the military personnel who have been implicated. The Secret Service has also taken action against 12 of its employees.

SPIN METER: Romney roadmap leaves voters guessing
BOSTON (AP)  Mitt Romney's roadmap for governing the country is so vague that it has even Republican allies questioning his intentions.

Romney backers tied to mysterious $400K donation
WASHINGTON (AP)  A mysterious firm that gave $400,000 to help elect Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney has direct ties to a married couple who already are among Romney's top Florida fundraisers, The Associated Press has learned.

Romney assails Obama ahead of event with Rubio
WASHINGTON (AP)  Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney insisted Sunday that Democrat Barack Obama is a "president who is dividing America" as he kicked off a two-day campaign swing that will feature Marco Rubio, the Cuban-American Florida senator considered as a top potential choice for vice president.

Report: Media saw Romney as nominee post-Michigan
NEW YORK (AP)  The media decided that Mitt Romney would be the inevitable Republican presidential nominee weeks before voters did, according to a report that analyzes race coverage.

Nonpartisan gov't auditors rebuke Medicare bonuses
WASHINGTON (AP)  In a blow to the Obama administration on Medicare, government auditors Monday called for the cancellation of a costly bonus program for private health plans that congressional Republicans have criticized as a wasteful political ploy.

Millionaire Romney says his grandfather wasn't one
GREENCASTLE, Pa. (AP)  Mitt Romney is known as a man with millions of dollars, but he wants Americans to know that his grandfather wasn't one.

Europe's debt fix falters, rattling markets
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP)  Europe's plan to fix its debt crisis by imposing budget cuts frayed Monday. Heavy selling rocked financial markets, uncertainty gripped two governments, and the economic outlook darkened across the continent.

Apple's squeeze hits phone companies, competitors
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple is set to report another record quarterly profit on Tuesday, continuing the relentless string of results that's made it the world's most valuable company. Those profits don't come out of thin air: A range of businesses from the company's wireless carrier friends to its PC-making foes are seeing their profits melt away and flow to Apple's bottom line.

Bakken oil booms _ and so does crime on the Plains
GLASGOW, Mont. (AP)  Drug crimes in eastern Montana have more than doubled. Assaults in Dickinson, N.D., have increased fivefold in just two years. And the once-sleepy town of Plentywood, Mont., has seen three assaults with weapons in the past few months  a prospect previously unheard of in the tiny community tucked against the Canada border.

US stocks slide on economic tremors from Europe
NEW YORK (AP)  A collection of worrying news out of Europe sent stocks sharply lower on Monday.

Appendix removal: Huge sticker shock in study
CHICAGO (AP)  What do hospitals charge to remove an appendix? The startling answer is that it could be the same as the price of a refrigerator  or a house.

Netflix's 1Q tops forecasts, stock still plummets
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Netflix's comeback from a customer backlash accelerated during the first quarter, but the recovery wasn't impressive enough to ease more pressing concerns about the Internet video subscription service's ability to cope with tougher competition.

Facebook reports lower 1Q net income
NEW YORK (AP)  Facebook's first-quarter net income fell 12 percent, weighed down by higher expenses even as its revenue soared, the social networking company said Monday, just a few weeks ahead of its expected initial public offering in May.

Microsoft sells AOL patents on to Facebook
NEW YORK (AP)  Microsoft, which just bought patents from AOL for $1 billion, is now turning around and selling most of them to Facebook for $550 million.

Social Security heading for insolvency even faster
WASHINGTON (AP)  Social Security is rushing even faster toward insolvency, driven by retiring baby boomers, a weak economy and politicians' reluctance to take painful action to fix the huge retirement and disability program.

EU imposes new sanctions on Syrian regime
LUXEMBOURG (AP)  The European Union on Monday banned the sale of luxury goods and products to Syria that can have military as well as civilian uses as the U.N. political chief demanded that the Syrian government stop using heavy weapons and comply with a cease-fire.

Apple's squeeze hits phone companies, competitors
NEW YORK (AP)  Apple is set to report another record quarterly profit on Tuesday, continuing the relentless string of results that's made it the world's most valuable company. Those profits don't come out of thin air: A range of businesses from the company's wireless carrier friends to its PC-making foes are seeing their profits melt away and flow to Apple's bottom line.

Netflix's 1Q tops forecasts, stock still plummets
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Netflix's comeback from a customer backlash accelerated during the first quarter, but the recovery wasn't impressive enough to ease more pressing concerns about the Internet video subscription service's ability to cope with tougher competition.

Facebook reports lower 1Q net income
NEW YORK (AP)  Facebook's first-quarter net income fell 12 percent, weighed down by higher expenses even as its revenue soared, the social networking company said Monday, just a few weeks ahead of its expected initial public offering in May.

Microsoft sells AOL patents on to Facebook
NEW YORK (AP)  Microsoft, which just bought patents from AOL for $1 billion, is now turning around and selling most of them to Facebook for $550 million.

Chinese court seeking to mediate iPad dispute
SHANGHAI (AP)  A Chinese court is mediating between Apple Inc. and the Chinese company challenging its right to use the iPad trademark, seeking to get the companies to settle an awkward standoff over the issue.

Google's 1Q lobbying bill more than triples to $5M
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Google's U.S. lobbying bill more than tripled to $5 million during the first three months of the year amid increased government scrutiny of the Internet search leader's business and privacy practices.

Report: Iran unplugs oil facilities from Internet
TEHRAN, Iran (AP)  The Iranian oil ministry's computer network came under attack from hackers and a computer virus, prompting the Islamic Republic to disconnect the country's main oil export terminal from the Internet as a preventative measure, a semiofficial news agency reported on Monday.

Adobe to launch new software suite for designers
NEW YORK (AP)  Adobe is launching the latest version of its software package for designers and Web developers.

A divided Congress confronts a rising cyberthreat
WASHINGTON (AP)  The mysterious caller claimed to be from Microsoft and offered step-by-step instructions to repair damage from a software virus. The electric power companies weren't falling for it.

Ahead of the Bell: Netflix to unveil 1Q results
LOS GATOS, Calif. (AP)  Investors will be focusing on how many customers Netflix has been adding and how much money the company has been losing when the video subscription service releases its first-quarter results.

Private company delays 1st space station visit
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP)  A private U.S. company has delayed launching a cargo ship to the International Space Station.

AP Photos: Earth Day observed around the world
An Indian boy plays in the polluted waters of the Yamuna River in New Delhi. Women wearing leaves and flowers ready for a celebration in Barcelona. A girl holds a poster calling for water conservation amid a rain storm in Washington.

Official: Dolphin deaths in Peru still a mystery
LIMA, Peru (AP)  Peruvian authorities are still trying to unravel the mystery of why hundreds of dolphins ended up dead on beaches in the country over the past 2 1/2 months.

Weather forecast delays shuttle's arrival to NYC
NEW YORK (AP)  The space shuttle Enterprise's scheduled arrival in New York City has been pushed back because of possible bad weather.

DARPA releases cause of hypersonic glider anomaly
LOS ANGELES (AP)  An unmanned hypersonic glider likely aborted its 13,000 mph flight over the Pacific Ocean last summer because unexpectedly large sections of its skin peeled off, the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency said Friday.

Fishermen blast premier dive sites off Indonesia
KOMODO ISLAND, Indonesia (AP)  Coral gardens that were among Asia's most spectacular, teeming with colorful sea life just a few months ago, have been transformed into desolate gray moonscapes by illegal fishermen who use explosives or cyanide to kill or stun their prey.

US scientists head to Mount Everest for research
KATMANDU, Nepal (AP)  A team of American scientists and researchers flew to the Mount Everest region on Friday to set up a laboratory at the base of the world's highest mountain to study the effects of high altitude on humans.

Orangutans sit still for heart ultrasound at zoo
ATLANTA (AP)  The 9-year-old patient sits still, munching on popcorn and sipping grape juice while he gets an ultrasound of his heart.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
Can BP Pay This Problem to Go Away?


Chesapeake CEO Still in Hot Water


Mid-Con Energy Partners, LP Announces Increased Borrowing Base of $100 Million
[GlobeNewswire] - DALLAS -- Mid-Con Energy Partners, LP ("Mid-Con Energy") announced today that it has increased its borrowing base to $100 million from $75 million, a 33% increase, under its existing $250 million ...

Cimarex to Announce First-Quarter 2012 Financial and Operational Results on May 3rd
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, April 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Cimarex Energy Co. (NYSE: XEC - News) today announced that it plans to report first-quarter 2012 financial results and provide an operations update before the market opens ...

Chesapeake CEO Sold Well Stakes Just As His Company Was Divesting From The Same Properties


PetroQuest Energy, Inc. Invites You To Join Its 2012 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call
[PR Newswire] - LAFAYETTE, La., April 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- In conjunction with PetroQuest Energy's (NYSE: PQ - News) release of its 2012 first quarter financial results, you are invited to listen to its conference call with ...

Noble Energy Declares Dividend
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Noble Energy, Inc.'s (NYSE: NBL - News) board of directors today declared a quarterly cash dividend of 22 cents per common share payable May 21, 2012 to the shareholders ...

San Juan Basin Royalty Trust Shares Enter Oversold Territory


[$$] Ways to Play the Natural-Gas Sector


Exclusive: CEO's sales of well stakes raise questions at Chesapeake


Aubrey McClendon Must Be Stopped


Memorial Production Partners LP Named Top Dividend Stock With Insider Buying and 10.63% Yield (MEMP)


2 Basic Materials Stocks With A Positive 5-Day Expectancy


Oasis Petroleum: A Small-Cap Bakken Play


Finkelstein Thompson LLP Announces Investigation of Chesapeake Energy Corp.
[Business Wire] - Finkelstein Thompson LLP is investigating potential claims on behalf of shareholders of Chesapeake Energy Corp. . If you are interested i

Delta Petroleum Investor Alert  The Briscoe Law Firm and Powers Taylor, LLP Announce Investigation of the Officers and Directors of Delta Petroleum Corp. for Possible Breaches of Fiduciary Duties
[Business Wire] - Former United States Securities and Exchange Commission attorney Willie Briscoe, founder of The Briscoe Law Firm, PLLC, and the securities litigation firm of Powers Taylor, LLP announce that the firms are investigating legal claims against the officers and Board of Directors of Delta Petroleum Corp.

Don't Get Too Worked Up Over Questar's Earnings


CHKR Crosses Critical Technical Indicator


Israel has options to overcome loss of Egyptian gas


Forbes Earnings Preview: Noble Energy


Noble Energy Inc. First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Gasco Energy Invites You to Join Its First Quarter 2012 Results Conference Call
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, April 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Gasco Energy, Inc. (NYSE Amex: GSX) today announced a conference call with investors, analysts and other interested parties that is scheduled for 11:00 a.m. EDT on ...

US WCoast Products - Gasoline gains on work


ConocoPhillips pledges to keep high dividend
[at Financial Times] - ConocoPhillips, the third-largest US oil group by market capitalisation, has committed to sustaining a relatively high dividend payout after its demerger takes effect on May 1.

Energy Business Review: ConocoPhillips, Exxon, and Chevron in Argentina Spotlight


Los Angeles Gasoline Rises to Six-Week High on Conoco Plant Work


Schlumberger Earnings: Drilling Profits?


Final Glance: Oil companies


Repsol warns potential YPF investors of lawsuits
[Reuters] - Oil major Repsol warned it could take legal action against companies that invest in YPF after Argentina seized control of the Spanish company's energy unit last week. Argentina expropriated the 51 percent ...

Can BP Pay This Problem to Go Away?


Phillips 66 to replace Supervalu in S&P 500 Index


ConocoPhillips Profit Falls as Assets Shrink
[at New York Times] - The third-largest oil concern in the United States plans to split into two smaller companies on May 1.

ConocoPhillips 1Q profit drops 3 pct


US Cash Products-Cargo offers pressure NY CBOB


ConocoPhillips Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - ConocoPhillips Management Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Oil company shares fall with oil prices


UPDATE 1-Repsol warns potential YPF investors of lawsuits


Shrimp processors object to BP settlement terms


[$$] Conoco's Profit Falls 3%


Sunoco announces bidder for Philadelphia refinery


ConocoPhillips Will Soar From New Gas Focus In India


U.K. Dividends Soar 25%


Exxon Mobil's New Strategy Will Reward Shareholders


ConocoPhillips Earnings Miss Pre-Split; Exxon Looms


SandRidge Mississippian Trust II Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering, Including Exercise of Over-Allotment Option
[PR Newswire] - OKLAHOMA CITY, April 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- SandRidge Mississippian Trust II (the Trust) announced today that it has closed its initial public offering of 29,900,000 common units, including 3,900,000 ...

Vanguard Natural Resources, LLC Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule
[Business Wire] - Vanguard Natural Resources, LLC announced today it will release its first quarter 2012 financial results before the market opens on Wednesday, May 2, 2012. In conjunction with the release, Vanguard has scheduled a conference call that will be broadcast live over the Internet on Wednesday, May 2, 2012 starting at 11:00 a.m.

Pacific Drilling closes on $200M in credit


Shale gas: Terminal decline no longer
[at Financial Times] - In 2003, Houston-based Cheniere Energy (AMEX:LNG - News) decided to build a big terminal to import natural gas. It seemed like a good idea at the time. Domestic gas production was in decline, prices were high ...

Forbes Earnings Preview: Helmerich & Payne


Tetra Technologies buys frac services unit for $42.5 million


UPDATE 1-Tetra Technologies buys frac services unit for $42.5 mln


Atwood Oceanics announces contract extension for the Atwood Osprey


Atwood Oceanics Announces Contract Extension for the Atwood Osprey
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ATWOOD OCEANICS, INC. announced today that one of its subsidiaries has been awarded a three year contract extension by Chevron Australia Pty Ltd ("Chevron"), ...

A Forward Look, the Year Ahead -- Featured Research on Approach Resources Inc. and Atwood Oceanics, Inc.
[Marketwire] - HONG KONG-- - Today, www.BollingerReport.com introduced featured coverage of Approach Resources Inc. and Atwood Oceanics, Inc. . Full research reports are available to readers at: www.BollingerReport.com/index.php?sm1=AREX&amp;sm2=ATW ...

Conditions of Growth, Economic Analysis -- Research Report on Peabody Energy Corporation and Hercules Offshore, Inc.
[Marketwire] - HONG KONG-- - Today, www.EquityLeader.com introduced research coverage of Peabody Energy Corporation and Hercules Offshore, Inc. . Full research reports are available to readers at: www.EquityLeader.com/index.php?sm1=BTU&amp;sm2=HERO ...

A Forward Look, the Year Ahead -- Featured Research on BPZ Resources, Inc. and BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P.
[Marketwire] - HONG KONG-- - Today, www.BollingerReport.com introduced featured coverage of BPZ Resources, Inc. and BreitBurn Energy Partners L.P. . Full research reports are available to readers at: www.BollingerReport.com/index.php?sm1=BPZ&amp;sm2=BBEP ...

Pacific Drilling Announces Completion of Credit Facilities and Release of Restricted Cash
[Business Wire] - Pacific Drilling S.A. announced today that it has closed on two credit facilities totaling approximately $200 million, under which letters of credit for the same amount are issued to support the temporary importation bonds for its ultra-deepwater drillships the Pacific Bora and the Pacific Scirocco.

Osage Releases Initial Production Rate of 1185 BOE/D from First Horizontal Mississippian Well


Patterson-UTI Energy Announces Sale of Flowback Operations
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- PATTERSON-UTI ENERGY, INC. (NASDAQ: PTEN - News) today announced that it sold its flowback operations to TETRA Technologies, Inc. in a cash transaction. The sale price ...

Small and Mid-Sized Oil Companies Poised to Gain From Faster Permitting and Leasing Decisions
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - Oil prices have risen sharply this year as global demand remains high and supplies have been disrupted in the Middle East. The strong increase in oil prices and U.S. focus on producing ...

Strong Focus on Producing Oil Domestically Giving Oil & Gas Companies a Boost
[Marketwire] - NEW YORK, NY-- - Oil prices have risen sharply this year as global demand remains high and supplies have been disrupted in the Middle East. The strong increase in oil prices and U.S. focus on producing ...

ZaZa Energy announces receipt of NASDAQ notification letter


ZaZa Energy Announces Receipt of NASDAQ Notification Letter
[Business Wire] - ZaZa Energy Corporation today announced that on April 17, 2012, ZaZa received a letter from The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC , as expe

Hyperdynamics to Hold First Quarter 2012 Business Update Investor Conference Call May 10
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hyperdynamics Corporation (NYSE: HDY - News) announced today that it will host its first quarter 2012 investor conference call at 1 p.m. Central Time (2 p.m. Eastern Time) ...

Union Drilling Appoints Alan Roachell Vice President of HSE and Training
[PR Newswire] - FORT WORTH, Texas, April 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Union Drilling, Inc. (NASDAQ: UDRL - News) announced today that Alan Roachell, CSP, has joined Union Drilling as Vice President of Health, Safety & Environmental ...

Weatherford Reports First Quarter Results
[PR Newswire] - GENEVA, April 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Weatherford International Ltd. (NYSE and SIX: WFT) today reported first quarter 2012 net income of $190 million, or $0.25 per diluted share, excluding an after tax ...

Schlumberger Earnings: Drilling Profits?


Zion Oil & Gas Appoints Justin Furnace to Its Board
[GlobeNewswire] - DALLAS -- Zion Oil & Gas, Inc. announced today that Justin Furnace has joined the Company as a member of its Board of Directors.

[video] Monday 4/23 Insider Buying Report: PKO, SYRG


Willbros to Present at the 16th Annual Burkenroad Reports Investment Conference
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - Willbros Group, Inc. today announced that its President and Chief Executive Officer, Randy Harl, will be presenting to investors at the 16th Annual Burkenroad Reports Investment Conference ...

3 Energy Stocks in the Trading Spotlight Ahead of Earnings


Oil Prices Determine Exxon's Stock Price


Monday 4/23 Insider Buying Report: PKO, SYRG
[at Forbes] - As the saying goes, there are many possible reasons for an insider to sell a stock, but only one reason to buy -- they expect to make money. So let's look at two noteworthy recent insider buys. On Thursday, Pimco Income Opportunity Fund (PKO)'s, Daniel J. Ivascyn, made a $441,941 [...]

Helix Energy Solutions Group Catches Analysts Sleeping Again


Helix Energy Solutions' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Helix Energy Solutions' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

NATURAL GAS SERVICES GROUP ANNOUNCES ITS FIRST QUARTER 2012 EARNINGS CALL
[Thomson Reuters ONE] - Midland, Texas, April 23rd, 2012 - Natural Gas Services Group, Inc. (NYSE:NGS - News), a leading provider of gas compression equipment and services to the natural gas industry, announces the following conference ...

BP Gulf Oil Spill Accord Is Biased, Shrimp Processors Say


Energy XXI Announces Fiscal 2012 Third-Quarter Earnings Release Date and Conference Call
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Energy XXI today announced it will host a conference call on Thursday, May 3, 2012, at 9 a.m. CDT (3 p.m. London time) to discuss fiscal 2012 third-quarter financial and operating results for ...

Oil contractor Helix benefits from Gulf activity


Helix Energy jumps 8% on earnings


Forbes Earnings Preview: Cameron International


Don't Get Too Worked Up Over Lufkin Industries' Earnings


EXLP Stock Crowded With Sellers


Schlumberger Hits Estimates in Solid Quarter


What Shorts Might Be Watching at Willbros Group


Vodafone Goes Public With CWW Offer


Cameron International Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


Sunoco, Carlyle in talks for Philadelphia refinery


UPDATE 1-Kinder Morgan seeks interest on light condensate


Williams Partners Raises Cash Distribution to 77.75 Cents per Unit
[Business Wire] - Williams Partners L.P. announced today that the regular quarterly cash distribution its unitholders receive has been increased to $0.7775 per unit.

Williams Cos Named Top Dividend Stock With Insider Buying and 3.20% Yield


UPDATE 2-Sunoco, Carlyle in talks for Philadelphia refinery


Kinder Morgan Energy announces binding open season for Cochin Reversal Project


Kinder Morgan Announces Binding Open Season to Move Light Condensate on Cochin
[Business Wire] - Kinder Morgan Energy Partners, L.P. , today announced the launch of a binding open season to solicit market interest for its Cochin Reversal Project, which would enable the company to offer a new service to move light condensate from Kankakee County, Ill., to existing terminal facilities near Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, Canada.

Kinder Morgan's Mixed Earnings Overshadow Solid Outlook


Trans Mountain oil pipeline overbooked for May


SGU Added as Top 10 Utility Dividend Stock With 7.85% Yield


Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain Pipe Oversubscribed 66% for May


Sunoco Enters into Exclusive Discussions with The Carlyle Group Regarding Philadelphia Refinery Joint Venture
[Business Wire] - Sunoco, Inc. announced today that it has entered into exclusive discussions with The Carlyle Group, a global alternative asset manager, regarding a potential joint venture involving Sunocos 330,000 barrel-per-day refinery in Philadelphia.

SemGroup downgraded to In-Line from Outperform at Imperial Capital


8 MLPs For Your Yield Focused Portfolio


Oiltanking Partners increases the distribution on limited partner units


Oiltanking Partners, L.P. Increases The Distribution On Limited Partner Units
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Oiltanking Partners, L.P. (NYSE: OILT - News), announced today that the Board of Directors of its general partner has declared a cash distribution for the first quarter ...

9 Higher Capitalized High-Yield Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Next Week


6 Reasons This 6% Yielder Looks Like A Buy


Invest in Something Wall Street Can't


Hydrogenics and Enbridge to jointly develop utility scale energy storage


Hydrogenics Announces Agreement with Enbridge to Develop Utility Scale Energy Storage in North America
[GlobeNewswire] - MISSISSAUGA, Ontario -- Hydrogenics Corporation a leading developer and manufacturer of hydrogen generation and fuel cell products, announced today that it has entered into an agreement with Enbridge Inc. ...

[$$] S&P Lowers Argentina Outlook To Negative


[$$] Argentina's March Trade Surplus Swells To $1.08 Bln


UPDATE 1-Signs of cheaper gas could brighten Obama campaign


Sunoco, Carlyle in talks for Philadelphia refinery


Carlyle in Sunoco Talks Shows Private Equity Sees Rebound


US Cash Products-Cargo offers pressure NY CBOB


Signs of cheaper gas could brighten Obama campaign


UPDATE 2-Sunoco, Carlyle in talks for Philadelphia refinery


Sunoco announces bidder for Philadelphia refinery


Philadelphia refinery would run Bakken, syncrude-source


Gulf Coast Gasoline Discount Widens After Motiva Starts Coker


[$$] Sunoco, Carlyle Group Discuss Philadelphia Refinery


NGL Energy to buy operations in Northeast


Buy Exxon Ahead of Oil Price Slump, Says Analyst


Argentina says it won't pay anything for YPF stake, Telegraph reports


NGL Energy Partners LP Announces Agreement with Downeast Energy Corporation
[Business Wire] - NGL Energy Partners LP today announced the signing of an agreement with Downeast Energy Corporation to acquire assets located in Maine and New Hampshire for a combinati

Can Private Equity Run Refineries Any Better?


COLUMN-Carlyle deals another blow to gasoline bulls' hopes-Campbell


NGL Energy Partners LP Expands Credit Facility to $350 Million
[Business Wire] - NGL Energy Partners LP announced today that the Partnership has amended its revolving credit facility to increase the total borrowing capacity from $330 million to $350 million without change to maturity of October 2016.

Argentina's Lower House Will Debate Its Controversial YPF Expropriation Bill On May 3


Sunoco may sell refinery stake to Carlyle


UPDATE 1-Sunoco confirms Carlyle Pa. refinery talks, extends deadline


==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.718
[3.71, 3.72, 3.72, 3.72, 3.72]

Indianapolis
3.698
[3.68, 3.69, 3.69, 3.71, 3.72]

USA Average
3.85

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
103.12

Brent Prices
118.71

