This file created: April-26 20:00

==== NEWS ITEMS ====
Dems, GOP swap charges in student loan fight
WASHINGTON (AP)  House Speaker John Boehner accused President Barack Obama on Thursday of conduct "beneath the dignity of the White House." The top House Democrat said Boehner considers the health of women "a luxury."

Secret Service investigating another overseas trip
WASHINGTON (AP)  Expanding the prostitution investigation, the Secret Service acknowledged Thursday it is checking whether its employees hired strippers and prostitutes in advance of President Barack Obama's visit last year to El Salvador.

Supreme court moves to center of presidential race
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Supreme Court, suddenly at the heart of presidential politics, is preparing what could be blockbuster rulings on health care and immigration shortly before the fall election.

Pakistan deports bin Laden family to Saudi Arabia
ISLAMABAD (AP)  Pakistani authorities deported Osama bin Laden's three widows and his children to Saudi Arabia early Friday, less than a week before the first anniversary of the unilateral American raid that killed the al-Qaida leader in his hideout in a military town.

EPA official apologizes for use of word 'crucify'
HOUSTON (AP)  A top administrator for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has apologized for using the word "crucify" two years ago when describing the agency's enforcement policies, and for saying it makes examples of bad players in the oil and gas industry.

Charles Taylor conviction sends warning to tyrants
LEIDSCHENDAM, Netherlands (AP)  Former Liberian President Charles Taylor became the first head of state since World War II to be convicted by an international war crimes court, a historic verdict that sends a message that tyrants worldwide will be tracked down and brought to justice.

Drug-overdose antidote is put in addicts' hands
WEST BRIDGEWATER, Mass. (AP)  Steve Wohlen lay on his front lawn, blue, unconscious and barely breathing, overdosing on heroin.

Lesbian Scout leader ousted in Ohio; parents upset
The first-graders in Ohio Pack 109's Tiger Scouts didn't know or care their den mother was a lesbian  at least not until the Boy Scouts of America threw her out over the organization's ban on gays.

Browns acquire 3rd overall pick from Vikings
NEW YORK (AP)  The Cleveland Browns have moved up one spot in the NFL draft, from fourth overall to third, in a trade with the Minnesota Vikings.

NHL fans let loose with racist comments after loss
It had all the makings of a feel-good hockey moment  except the guy who scored the goal was black.

Lesbian Scout leader ousted in Ohio; parents upset
The first-graders in Ohio Pack 109's Tiger Scouts didn't know or care their den mother was a lesbian  at least not until the Boy Scouts of America threw her out over the organization's ban on gays.

Ex-Edwards aide: Donors' cash went into NC house
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP)  John Edwards' ex-aide acknowledged Thursday that much of nearly $1 million in campaign supporters' cash went to build his North Carolina dream house, not to buy the silence of the presidential candidate's pregnant mistress.

Secret Service investigating another overseas trip
WASHINGTON (AP)  Expanding the prostitution investigation, the Secret Service acknowledged Thursday it is checking whether its employees hired strippers and prostitutes in advance of President Barack Obama's visit last year to El Salvador.

Report: Rebates from health care law will top $1B
WASHINGTON (AP)  More than 3 million health insurance policyholders and thousands of employers will share $1.3 billion in rebates this year, thanks to President Barack Obama's health care law, a nonpartisan research group said Thursday.

Govt backs off new limits on child labor on farms
WASHINGTON (AP)  Under heavy pressure from farm groups, the Obama administration is dropping an effort to prevent children from doing hazardous work on farms owned by anyone other than their parents.

Space shuttle Enterprise to arrive in NY on Friday
NEW YORK (AP)  Any new arrival to New York City wants to see the sights  and the space shuttle Enterprise is no different.

US: Mexico seized 68,000 guns from US since 2006
WASHINGTON (AP)  The government said Thursday that 68,000 guns recovered by Mexican authorities in the past five years have been traced back to the United States.

Senate OKs renewing Violence Against Women Act
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Senate overcame election-year gender politics Thursday to pass a bill renewing the government's main domestic violence program.

House OKs cybersecurity bill despite veto threat
WASHINGTON (AP)  The House ignored Obama administration objections Thursday and approved legislation aimed at helping stop electronic attacks on critical U.S. infrastructure and private companies.

Feds prepare for another busy US fire season
TIJERAS, N.M. (AP)  More than 100 large fires have swept across parts of the nation already this year, and the head of the U.S. Forest Service said Thursday the rest of the 2012 fire season is expected to be just as active as last year's, which saw historic wildfires on hundreds of square miles in Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and elsewhere.

Charles Taylor conviction sends warning to tyrants
LEIDSCHENDAM, Netherlands (AP)  Former Liberian President Charles Taylor became the first head of state since World War II to be convicted by an international war crimes court, a historic verdict that sends a message that tyrants worldwide will be tracked down and brought to justice.

Pakistan deports bin Laden family to Saudi Arabia
ISLAMABAD (AP)  Pakistani authorities deported Osama bin Laden's three widows and his children to Saudi Arabia early Friday, less than a week before the first anniversary of the unilateral American raid that killed the al-Qaida leader in his hideout in a military town.

Syrian regime, rebels trade blame for deadly blast
BEIRUT (AP)  U.N. observers on Thursday inspected the site of an explosion that flattened a block of houses in the central Syrian city of Hama and killed at least 16 people, while the government and the opposition traded blame over the cause of the blast.

Murdoch: Hacking scandal changed my entire company
LONDON (AP)  Rupert Murdoch used his testimony before a U.K. inquiry on Thursday to portray himself as the victim, not perpetrator, of a cover-up over phone hacking  a bold claim unlikely to be accepted by those suing his company for invading their privacy.

Photo: North Korea's big show visible from space
In North Korea, the choreography can be part of the geography.

Thousands defy Norwegian mass killer with song
OSLO, Norway (AP)  They gathered by the tens of thousands in the drenching rain to face down terrorism with song.

Libya's ruling council fires Cabinet
TRIPOLI, Libya (AP)  Libya's interim ruling council has fired the nation's Cabinet just five months after it took office, citing incompetence, two senior officials said Thursday, just two months before the country's first national election.

Arab League condemns South Sudan 'aggression'
CAIRO (AP)  The Arab League on Thursday condemned South Sudan's "military aggression" against an oil-rich border region claimed by Sudan while also supporting Sudan's right to defend itself. The statement came as some fear growing disputes between the two countries may soon lead to an all-out war.

UK probe of slain spy said hampered by delay
LONDON (AP)  A delay in reporting as missing a British spy whose naked and decomposing body was later found locked inside a sports bag frustrated police inquiries into his mysterious death, witnesses told an inquest hearing Thursday.

Supreme court moves to center of presidential race
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Supreme Court, suddenly at the heart of presidential politics, is preparing what could be blockbuster rulings on health care and immigration shortly before the fall election.

INSIDE WASHINGTON: Who pays when prez politicks?
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama flies Air Force One when he leaves town. So does Candidate Barack Obama.

In speech, Biden attacks Romney on foreign policy
NEW YORK (AP)  Osama bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive. That was Vice President Joe Biden's message for Republican Mitt Romney in a campaign speech Thursday that blended a robust defense of President Barack Obama's foreign policy record with a harsh attack on the presumptive Republican presidential nominee's positions.

Gingrich faces uncertain future after failed run
ATLANTA (AP)  As he winds down his presidential campaign, Newt Gingrich faces a new challenge: reinventing himself politically yet again.

Ex-Edwards aide: Donors' cash went into NC house
GREENSBORO, N.C. (AP)  John Edwards' ex-aide acknowledged Thursday that much of nearly $1 million in campaign supporters' cash went to build his North Carolina dream house, not to buy the silence of the presidential candidate's pregnant mistress.

Watchdog expanding ethics probe at labor board
WASHINGTON (AP)  A government watchdog has expanded an ethics probe of the National Labor Relations Board after finding that more inside information was leaked to a former adviser to Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney, a Democratic lawmaker said Thursday.

6 reasons it's the Year of Big Money in politics
WASHINGTON (AP)  Sure, there's always handwringing about money in politics. This time really is different, though  the first presidential race since the courts changed the rules, clearing the way for secret cash and freeing billionaires and businesses to write multimillion-dollar checks for their favorite candidates. It's the Year of Big Money.

Obama raising money at $35,800-a-ticket event
WASHINGTON (AP)  President Barack Obama is back in Washington from a three-state trip courting young voters in time to raise money from big-dollar donors.

THE RACE: Exiting presidential race can be painful
Dropping out is hard to do. It's been especially hard for Newt Gingrich and Ron Paul.

Obama campaign returning donations from L.A. man
WASHINGTON (AP)  The Obama campaign is returning donations from a Los Angeles hedge fund manager who is accused by the government of operating a Ponzi scheme.

S&P cuts Spain's long-term credit rating 2 notches
NEW YORK (AP)  Standard & Poor's lowered Spain's long-term credit rating by two notches on Thursday, saying the country's budget problems are likely to get worse because of the weak economy.

Hubbub over content rights greets Google Drive
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Google CEO Larry Page recently wrote that he hopes to show the company is "deserving of great love." But the Internet search leader may need to win more trust, based on the suspicions swirling around Google Drive, a new online storage service for personal documents, photos and other content.

Home sales bump, earnings send stock market higher
NEW YORK (AP)  On a day that brought both good and bad news about the economy, investors chose to see the glass as half-full.

Exxon Mobil 1Q profit drops 11 percent
NEW YORK (AP)  It was an especially tough quarter for Exxon Mobil.

Chrysler posts best quarterly profit in 13 years
DETROIT (AP)  Chrysler followed its strong first-quarter sales with a big profit as its 2009 brush with financial death faded in the rearview mirror.

Murdoch: Hacking scandal changed my entire company
LONDON (AP)  Rupert Murdoch used his testimony before a U.K. inquiry on Thursday to portray himself as the victim, not perpetrator, of a cover-up over phone hacking  a bold claim unlikely to be accepted by those suing his company for invading their privacy.

House OKs cybersecurity bill despite veto threat
WASHINGTON (AP)  The House ignored Obama administration objections Thursday and approved legislation aimed at helping stop electronic attacks on critical U.S. infrastructure and private companies.

Google fires back at FCC on Wi-Fi investigation
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  After being spanked by the Federal Communications Commission, Google is scolding the agency for its handling of a recently concluded investigation into the company's collection of emails, passwords and other personal information transmitted over wireless networks.

FTC hires outside lawyer to steer Google probe
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  The Federal Trade Commission has hired a prominent trial lawyer to oversee its investigation into whether Google has been abusing its dominance of Internet search to stifle competition and drive up online advertising prices.

US unemployment aid requests near 3-month high
WASHINGTON (AP)  The number of people seeking U.S. unemployment benefits remained stuck near a three-month high last week, a sign that job gains will likely remain modest.

Hubbub over content rights greets Google Drive
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  Google CEO Larry Page recently wrote that he hopes to show the company is "deserving of great love." But the Internet search leader may need to win more trust, based on the suspicions swirling around Google Drive, a new online storage service for personal documents, photos and other content.

Kindle Fire helps Amazon beat 1Q estimates
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Amazon.com Inc. posted first-quarter profits Thursday that blew by analysts' estimates and boosted the company's stock in extended trading. The online commerce giant said its Kindle Fire tablet computer was its best-selling item and helped lift revenue from digital movies and books.

Zynga reports 1Q net loss, higher revenue
NEW YORK (AP)  Online games company Zynga reported a net loss in the first quarter because of stock-compensation expenses, but adjusted earnings were better than Wall Street expected.

Wal-Mart offers online shoppers a "cash" option
NEW YORK (AP)  Wal-Mart shoppers now will be able to pay cash for online purchases.

FTC hires outside lawyer to steer Google probe
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  The Federal Trade Commission has hired a prominent trial lawyer to oversee its investigation into whether Google has been abusing its dominance of Internet search to stifle competition and drive up online advertising prices.

Google fires back at FCC on Wi-Fi investigation
SAN FRANCISCO (AP)  After being spanked by the Federal Communications Commission, Google is scolding the agency for its handling of a recently concluded investigation into the company's collection of emails, passwords and other personal information transmitted over wireless networks.

Clearwire 1Q revenue drops from 4Q on Sprint deal
KIRKLAND, Wash. (AP)  Clearwire Corp., which runs a wireless data network, on Thursday reported its first drop in quarter-over-quarter revenue, as a new deal with major customer Sprint Nextel Corp. kicked in.

House OKs cybersecurity bill despite veto threat
WASHINGTON (AP)  The House ignored Obama administration objections Thursday and approved legislation aimed at helping stop electronic attacks on critical U.S. infrastructure and private companies.

New board member says RIM turnaround to take years
TORONTO (AP)  The newest board member of BlackBerry maker Research in Motion Ltd. said Thursday that a turnaround could take three to five years.

Time Warner Cable profit up 18 pct in 1Q
NEW YORK (AP)  Time Warner Cable Inc. reported an 18 percent increase in first-quarter net income Thursday, as acquisitions and new broadband customers boosted revenue.

Student researcher spies odd lava spirals on Mars
LOS ANGELES (AP)  A researcher has spotted lava flows shaped like coils of rope near the equator of Mars, the first time such geologic features have been discovered outside of Earth.

Study: Ancient migrants spread farming in Europe
NEW YORK (AP)  Thousands of years ago, farming spread across Europe and replaced the hunter-gatherer lifestyle of early inhabitants. Now a study of ancient DNA says that trend was driven by farmers moving from place to place.

Study: Antarctic ice melting from warm water below
WASHINGTON (AP)  Antarctica's massive ice shelves are shrinking because they are being eaten away from below by warm water, a new study finds. That suggests that future sea levels could rise faster than many scientists have been predicting.

Meteorites found in Calif. along path of fireball
RENO, Nev. (AP)  Robert Ward has been hunting and collecting meteorites for more than 20 years, so he knew he'd found something special in the Sierra foothills along the path of a flaming fireball that shook parts of Northern California and Nevada with a sonic boom over the weekend.

Space shuttle Enterprise to arrive in NY on Friday
NEW YORK (AP)  Any new arrival to New York City wants to see the sights  and the space shuttle Enterprise is no different.

Ohio man's fossil find in Kentucky stumps experts
DAYTON, Ohio (AP)  Experts are trying to figure out what a fossil dubbed "Godzillus" used to be.

US tiger shrimp sightings worry scientists
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  A big increase in reports of Asian tiger shrimp along the U.S. Southeast coast and in the Gulf of Mexico has federal biologists worried the species is encroaching on native species' territory.

Smokey Bear becomes next space crew's mascot
STAR CITY, Russia (AP)  An American astronaut heading to the International Space Station has chosen Smokey Bear as his crew's mascot.

Swiss scientists demonstrate mind-controlled robot
LAUSANNE, Switzerland (AP)  Swiss scientists have demonstrated how a partially paralyzed person can control a robot by thought alone, a step they hope will one day allow immobile people to interact with their surroundings through so-called avatars.

Asteroids may yield precious metals, cosmic riches
SEATTLE (AP)  Using space-faring robots to mine precious metals from asteroids almost sounds easy when former astronaut Tom Jones describes it  practically like clearing a snow-covered driveway.

==== GAS AND OIL NEWS ITEMS ====
[$$] Chesapeake Backtracks on CEO's Transactions


Cabot Oil & Gas' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Cabot Oil & Gas' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Noble Energy 1Q profit jumps on record volumes


Lone Pine Resources Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Date and Teleconference
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Lone Pine Resources Inc. has scheduled its first quarter 2012 earnings release to be issued after the close of trading on the New York Stock Exchange and Toronto Stock Exchange on ...

Pomerantz Law Firm Has Filed a Class Action Against Chesapeake Energy Corporation -- CHK
[GlobeNewswire] - NEW YORK -- Pomerantz Haudek Grossman & Gross LLP has filed a federal securities class action (12-cv-00465-W) in the United States District Court, Western District of Oklahoma, on behalf of all persons ...

Firm that made loans to Chesapeake CEO defends them


Is Chesapeake Backtracking on Incentive Borrowing Program?


Cabot Performs as Expected


UPDATE 1-Chesapeake Wyoming well response delayed by weather


Chesapeake Energy to end CEO's controversial well program


[$$] Chesapeake's McClendon, a Career in the Spotlight
[at The Wall Street Journal] - Chesapeake's McClendon, a Career in the Spotlight

Newfield Exploration Beats Analyst Estimates on EPS


Double Eagle Petroleum Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Double Eagle Petroleum Co. (DBLE), an independent oil and gas exploration and production company, will report its first quarter 2012 financial and operating ...

Cracking the Chesapeake piggy bank


Chesapeake unable to control wyoming well due to weather


Cimarex Energy Co Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for XEC


Questar Corp Earnings Call Nuggets: Industrial Revenues, Wexpro


Making Cents in Penny Stocks


Mid-Con Energy Partners, LP Announces Quarterly Cash Distribution and Schedules First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call
[GlobeNewswire] - DALLAS -- Mid-Con Energy Partners, LP ("Mid-Con Energy") announced today that its general partner has approved a cash distribution of $0.475 per unit for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, or ...

3 Busy Energy Stocks


Exxon Mobil 1Q profit drops 11 percent


US WCoast Products- Gasoline climbs on Chevron upset


Final Glance: Oil companies


UK fuel drivers urged to reject deal to avert strike


ExxonMobil hit by US natural gas prices
[at Financial Times] - Exxon (XOM - News)Mobil, the world's largest listed oil company by market capitalisation, has cut sharply the number of rigs it has drilling for "unconventional" gas and oil in the US, as its profits ...

UPDATE 1-Islamist militants blow up Yemen gas pipeline


[video] Daily Market Wrap: April 26, 2012


[$$] Exxon Mobil's Profit Falls 11%


Daily Wrap: 4/26/2012


Exxon Mobils profit off 11%, shy of Street view


Why This Natural-Gas Stock Is Soaring


Biofuels Will be as Profitable as the Oil Industry


Occidental Petroleum's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Occidental Petroleum's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

WRAPUP 2-Low Canada crude prices boost refiners' profits


BRIEF - Moody's affirms ConocoPhillips A1 snr unsecured rating


Mid-Continent Gasoline Rises on Flaring at Ponca City Refinery


Exxon Mobil mum on Iraqi snub


Oil Prices, New Projects Lift Shell


[$$] Clear Difference Between Shell and Exxon


Chesapeake: This Energy King Will Peak On Natural Gas Rise


Chevron's Earnings Friday: Higher Oil Prices And Refining Margins In Focus


Equal Energy Announces the Closing of the Sale of Mississippian Interests


Equal Energy Announces the Closing of the Sale of Mississippian Interests
[PR Newswire] - CALGARY, Alberta, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ - Equal Energy Ltd. (EQU: TSX, NYSE) (the "Company" or "Equal") is pleased to confirm that the previously announced sale of 50% of its ...

Samson Oil & Gas Operational Advisory
[Business Wire] - Samson Oil & Gas Limited provides advice on its current projects.

Key Energy Services Generated First Quarter 2012 Earnings from Continuing Operations of $0.23 per Diluted Share
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Key Energy Services, Inc. (KEG) generated first quarter 2012 income from continuing operations of $34.1 million, or $0.23 per share, compared to fourth quarter ...

ATWOOD OCEANICS Announces Contract for the Atwood Hunter
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ATWOOD OCEANICS, INC., announced today that one of its subsidiaries has been awarded a drilling services contract by a subsidiary of Noble Energy Inc. for the Atwood ...

Equal Energy Announces Changes in Senior Management and Appointment of New Chairman


Equal Energy Announces Changes in Senior Management and Appointment of New Chairman
[PR Newswire] - CALGARY, Alberta, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ - Equal Energy Ltd. (EQU: TSX, NYSE) (the "Company" or "Equal") today announced that John Reader, the Senior Vice President, Corporate ...

Worthington Energy Amends Recent CEO Announcement


Helmerich & Payne's CEO Discusses Q2 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Helmerich & Payne's CEO Discusses Q2 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

QEP Resources Inc. Earnings Call Nuggets: Liquid Spending 13, The Bakken


Sierra Club challenges Md. natural gas terminal


Hercules Offshore 1Q loss more than doubles


Whiting Petroleum's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Whiting Petroleum's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Making A Case For Special Dividends


Kodiak Oil & Gas Corp. Announces First Quarter 2012 Sales Volumes and Updates Williston Basin Operations
[PR Newswire] - DENVER, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Kodiak Oil & Gas Corp. (KOG), an oil and gas exploration and production company with primary assets in the Williston Basin of North Dakota, today announced ...

EV Energy Partners Announces Quarterly Cash Distribution
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - EV Energy Partners, L.P. today announced a cash distribution attributable to the first quarter of 2012 of $0.764 per unit for all of its outstanding units. The distribution will be payable ...

W&T Offshore Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- W&amp;T Offshore, Inc. (WTI) announced today that it will release its first quarter 2012 financial and operations results after the market closes on Tuesday, May ...

MarkWest Energy Partners Increases Quarterly Cash Distribution
[Business Wire] - MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P. today announced that the Board of Directors of the General Partner of MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P., declared a cash distribution of $0.79 per common unit for the first quarter of 2012, for an implied annual rate of $3.16 per common unit.

Patterson-UTI Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Patterson-UTI Energy's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Robbins Umeda LLP Announces an Investigation of GeoResources, Inc.
[Business Wire] - Shareholder rights firm Robbins Umeda LLP has commenced an investigation into possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of the law by members of the board of directors of GeoResources, Inc.

EnerJex Resources Posts New Investor Presentation On Website


Whiting Petroleum Beats on the Top Line


UPDATE 1-Superior Energy posts higher profit on drilling demand


UPDATE 1-Newpark Resources misses estimates


Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. Declares Dividend on Common Stock
[Business Wire] - Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. , announced today that its board of directors declared a dividend of $0.10 per share on Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc.s approximately 14

Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. Reports First Quarter Earnings
[Business Wire] - Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. today reported a net income of $6.8 million on revenue of $113.1 million for its first quarter ended March 31, 2012, compared to net loss of $7.0 million on revenue of $46.3 million for the first quarter ended March 31, 2011.

CARBO Ceramics' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - CARBO Ceramics' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Bernstein Liebhard LLP Announces That A Securities Class Action Has Been Filed Against Weatherford International, Ltd.
[PR Newswire] - NEW YORK, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Bernstein Liebhard LLP today announced that a securities class action has been commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York ...

Cameron Misses Estimate, Grows Y-Y


Cameron Misses Estimate, Grows Y-Y


Superior Energy Services, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) today announced net income from continuing operations of $70.2 million, or $0.55 per diluted share, and net income of ...

Newpark Resources Reports 2012 First Quarter Results
[PR Newswire] - THE WOODLANDS, Texas, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Newpark Resources, Inc. (NR) today announced results for its first quarter ended March 31, 2012. Total revenues for the first quarter of 2012 ...

Oil States Announces Record Quarterly Earnings of $2.43 Per Diluted Share
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Oil States International, Inc. reported net income for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 of $135.1 million, or $2.43 per diluted share, which included a gain of $0.23 per diluted share after-tax ...

I'm Doubling Down on This Energy Stock


Cameron International's 1Q profit rises 22 percent


Oceaneering International's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Oceaneering International's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Baker Hughes Battles North American Drag To $56


Exterran Holdings and Exterran Partners Announce Date for First-Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Teleconference
[Business Wire] - Exterran Holdings, Inc. and Exterran Partners, L.P. announce the following schedule and teleconference information for the first-quarter 2012 earnings rele

Thursday 4/26 Insider Buying Report: BAS, LUV


Baker Hughes Declares Quarterly Dividend
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Baker Hughes (BHI) President and Chief Executive Officer Martin S. Craighead announced today that the Baker Hughes Board of Directors declared the regular ...

[video] Thursday 4/26 Insider Buying Report: BAS, LUV


Oceaneering International Beats on Both Top and Bottom Lines


National Oilwell Varco's Earnings Beat Last Year's by 44%


Bolt Technology Announces Third Quarter Results and Quarterly Dividend
[GlobeNewswire] - NORWALK, Conn. -- Bolt Technology Corporation today announced financial results for the third quarter and the first nine months of fiscal year 2012.

TEXT-S&P rates Kinder Morgan new debt 'BB'


Delayed deals cut Evercore earnings
[at Financial Times] - Evercore, the independent investment bank, posted disappointing earnings for the first quarter after three big deals failed to close and expenses crept higher.

Updated Enhanced Income Strategy For Spectra Energy


Williams Companies' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - Williams Companies' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

NuStar Energy Increases Sales but Misses Estimates on Earnings


El Paso Pipeline Partners to Release First Quarter 2012 Results on May 3, 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - El Paso Pipeline Partners, L.P. will release first quarter 2012 financial and operational results before the market opens on Thursday, May 3, 2012. Detailed financial and operational information ...

El Paso Corporation to Release First Quarter 2012 Results on May 3, 2012
[Marketwire] - HOUSTON, TX-- - El Paso Corporation will release first quarter 2012 financial and operational results before the market opens on Thursday, May 3, 2012. Detailed financial and operational information will ...

KKR's Healthy Pipeline


El Paso Pipeline Partners Ex-Dividend Reminder


Enbridge Inc. Declares June 1 Dividends
[Marketwire] - CALGARY, ALBERTA-- - Enbridge Inc. announced today that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend on its common shares of $0.2825 per share, payable on June 1, 2012 to shareholders of record ...

Inergy Midstream, L.P. Declares Quarterly Cash Distribution
[Business Wire] - The Board of Directors of NRGM GP, LLC, general partner of Inergy Midstream, L.P. , announced that it has declared the companys quarterly cash distribution of $0.37 per limited partner unit for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.

Genesis Energy, L.P. Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
[Business Wire] - Genesis Energy, L.P. today announced its first quarter results. Results for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 included the following items:

Copano Energy Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule
[PR Newswire] - HOUSTON, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Copano Energy, L.L.C. (CPNO) today announced plans to release its first quarter 2012 financial results on Wednesday, May 9, after the market closes. In ...

Vancouver wrestles with green, oil tension


Williams Companies and partnership 1Q profit up


ONEOK Partners: Pipeline MLP With Strong Growth And 4.6% Yield


TEXT-S&P cuts Maritimes & Northeast Pipeline to 'BBB-'


Williams Companies Inc Earnings: Beats Expectations


TC Pipelines CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
[at Seeking Alpha] - TC Pipelines CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

Kinder Morgan to buy out KKR from El Paso JV for $300 million stock


Regency Energy Partners Announces Cash Distribution of 46 Cents Per Outstanding Common Unit
[Business Wire] - Regency Energy Partners LP , , announced today a cash distribution of 46 cents per outstanding common unit for the first quarter ended March 31, 2012.

UPDATE 1-Kinder Morgan to buy out KKR from El Paso JV for $300 mln stock


CVR Partners Declares 2012 First Quarter Distribution of 52.3 Cents
[PR Newswire] - SUGAR LAND, Texas, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- CVR Partners, LP (UAN), a master limited partnership and manufacturer of ammonia and urea ammonium nitrate (UAN) solution fertilizer products, today ...

The Law Firm of Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Launches an Investigation into Possible Breaches of Fiduciary Duty by the Board of Directors of Arabian American Development Company in Connection with Executive Compensation
[PR Newswire] - NEW YORK, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Levi & Korsinsky, LLP is investigating Arabian American Development Company (ARSD), and its Board of Directors, in connection with the compensation provided ...

Forbes Earnings Preview: Valero Energy


Imperial Oil Limited - Second quarter dividend declaration


Valero Energy Corp First Quarter Earnings Sneak Peek


UPDATE 1-Motiva Port Arthur refinery becomes U.S. largest -Shell


1 Reason Arabian American Development May Be Headed for a Slowdown


Crosstex Energy Ex-Dividend Reminder


Effects of the Upcoming ConocoPhillips and Phillips 66 Split


Imperial Oil announces estimated first quarter financial and operating results


A Forward Look, the Year Ahead - Featured Research on Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P and Chesapeake Midstream Partners, L.P.
[Marketwire] - HONG KONG-- - Today, www.BollingerReport.com introduced featured coverage of Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P and Chesapeake Midstream Partners, L.P. . Full research reports are available to readers ...

A Forward Look, the Year Ahead - Featured Research on Alon USA Energy, Inc. and BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust
[Marketwire] - HONG KONG-- - Today, www.BollingerReport.com introduced featured coverage of Alon USA Energy, Inc. and BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust . Full research reports are available to readers at: www.BollingerReport.com/index.php?sm1=ALJ&amp;sm2=BPT ...

A Forward Look, the Year Ahead - Featured Research on Crosstex Energy, Inc. and CVR Energy, Inc.
[Marketwire] - HONG KONG-- - Today, www.BollingerReport.com introduced featured coverage of Crosstex Energy, Inc. and CVR Energy, Inc. . Full research reports are available to readers at: www.BollingerReport.com/index.php?sm1=XTXI&amp;sm2=CVI ...

Arabian American Development to Host Conference Call to Discuss 2012 First Quarter Financial Results on May 3, 2012
[PR Newswire] - SUGAR LAND, Texas, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Arabian American Development Co. (ARSD) announced today that a conference call will be held on May 3, 2012, to discuss 2012 first quarter financial ...

Chesapeake Energy Corporations Board and CEO Aubrey K. McClendon Agree to Negotiate Early Termination of Founder Well Participation Program
[Business Wire] - Chesapeake Energy Corporation today announced that its Board of Directors has determined that it does not intend to extend the companys Founder Well Participation Program with its chief executive officer, Aubrey K.

YPF head sold shares before expropriation
[at Financial Times] - The head of Repsol (REPYY.PK - News) in Argentina sold shares in the Spanish oil group ahead of Buenos Aires nationalising its YPF (YPF - News)subsidiary, a move that saw the value of the company tumble by more ...

Alon USA Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedule
[PR Newswire] - DALLAS, April 26, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Alon USA Energy, Inc. (ALJ) ("Alon") today announced that it plans to release its first quarter 2012 financial results on Thursday, May 3, 2012 after ...

Hess Corp. downgraded to Neutral from Overweight at JPMorgan


[$$] Argentina Senate Approves Plan to Expropriate YPF


Hess profit in doubt on output


Hess says to lag Bakken oil target, shares fall


Marathon Oil Corporation Declares First Quarter 2012 Dividend
[GlobeNewswire] - HOUSTON -- Marathon Oil Corporation (MRO - News) announced today that theCompany's board of directors has declared a dividend of 17 centsper share on Marathon Oil Corporation common stock. The dividend ...

==== GAS PRICES ====
Terre Haute
3.678
[3.66, 3.68, 3.68, 3.68, 3.69]

Indianapolis
3.64
[3.59, 3.64, 3.65, 3.65, 3.67]

USA Average
3.82

==== OIL PRICES ====
WTI Prices
103.98

Brent Prices
119.92

